focusing/rules.md, before:

# Rules

## Life

- [Make](../ideas/ideas.md). [Learn](../sharing/everything-I-know.md). [Write](../sharing/my-articles.md). [Design](../design/design.md). [Share](../sharing/sharing.md).
- Set [tasks](../focusing/focusing.md). [Plan](../macOS/apps/fantastical.md). Focus.
- One task at a time. No distractions. Always [mindful](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) of my actions & thoughts. Be calm.
- [Ask questions](../research/asking-questions.md). Be honest, clear & concise. Document.
- [Simplify & minimize](../minimalism/minimalism.md) everything. Don't repeat myself. Remove friction. Focus on essentials.
- Cut out noise (no analytics, likes..). No time wasted. Maximize impact & growth. Filter consumed information to optimize for signal.
- Learn from mistakes. Reflect. [Journal](../looking-back/looking-back.md). Move forward. Move fast.
- Embrace change. Be proactive. Be bold & fearless. Take ownership. Never give up. Never complain.
- [Don’t eat animals](../environment/veganism.md), don’t hurt any person. [Don't waste anything](../environment/zero-waste.md).
- Don't compare myself to other people. Surround myself with people that inspire me.
- Create art. Meet people. See places. Be inspired. Reuse work & ideas.
- Be consistent. Start early. Done > Perfect. Do the simplest thing. Solve core problems. [Enjoy the process](https://nikitavoloboev.xyz/likes/#quotes).
- Don't judge anyone. Attempt to see another person's point of view.
- Don't lie to myself nor anyone else. Be confident in my thoughts & actions. Be decisive. Give feedback.
- Don't stay in bed. Wake up fast and start the day. Keep straight posture & spine.
- Build, enforce & **follow these rules**. Complete all [essential habits](habits.md).
- Create & adjust rules based on new insights. [Take it easy](../life/happiness.md). You only live now.

## Health

- [Exercise](../fitness/fitness.md). 30+ min cardio/weights daily.
- Eat [whole food, plant based nutritious diet](../health/nutrition/nutrition.md).
- Drink lots of water & tea. Limit coffee. No sugar.
- Make sure to reach optimal micro & macro nutrient goals, [supplement](../health/nutrition/supplements.md) where needed.
- Always have straight posture. Sit properly and upright, don't bend my back/spine.
- Start every morning with quick workout.
- Brush teeth, [clean face](../health/skin-care.md) & shower daily.
- [Sleep](../sleep/sleep.md) fully. Don't limit sleep, ever. If need to wake up early, go to sleep early. Sleep ~8 hours each day.
- Everything in moderation. Avoid any damaging drugs (i.e. alcohol/opiates). Health above all. Limit [psychedelic](../drugs/psychedelics/psychedelics.md) use.
- Lead a [happy](../life/happiness.md), [mindful](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md), stress free life. Clean up.

## Focus

- When [focusing](../focusing/focusing.md), do the active task. No news/distractions (sites are blocked). No context switching.
- [Break problems down](../research/solving-problems.md). Solve each step one at a time. Know the end goal.
- Spend mindful time on all devices. on iOS, listen to podcasts/books, read/text. Don't do things that can be done faster on mac.
- Do bodyweight exercises during the day to regain focus. Change environments for inspiration.
- Listen to rain/fire sounds with [Noizio](http://noiz.io) or [Dark Noise](https://darknoise.app) when focusing with environment noise blocked. No distracting music.
- Only have essential notifications setup. iOS is always in Do Not Disturb mode.
- Say **no** to things. Set constraints & limits.
- Never give up if problem's worth solving. Optimize for long term growth over short term gains.
- Always breathe fresh air. Have proper lighting.
- Wear the same clean & comfortable clothes.
- Never sit for long. Sit up right. Use standing desk.
- Only use the bed for sleep. Start each day quickly by waking up & standing up.
- Don't overthink things. Clear up any confusions. Don't be stuck. Ask for help.
- Use priority system for everything and don't go outside its bounds. (i.e. Trello [Learn board](https://trello.com/b/cu32qF3q) or [Goodreads currently reading list](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482?shelf=currently-reading))

## Ideas

- Share [all ideas I have](https://trello.com/b/alB1ryRP). Add relevant description and links to describe the idea clearly.
- Start building early. Validate ideas. Iterate fast. Ship often. Listen to feedback.

## Learn

- Always learn new things but be purposeful & focused. Learn [fundamentals](https://medium.com/@nikitavoloboev/the-root-of-it-all-9b6ab6a77e1d) for clarity.
- Document everything. Don't repeat things. Link instead.
- There are no dumb questions. Do some research first though.
- [Build things from scratch](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn) to understand. Minimal version that works.
- Draw or sketch to distill complex ideas. Think through problems together. Discuss.
- Watch videos at 2x speed, unless it hurts comprehension or it's entertainment.
- Listen to podcasts/books at fastest speed I can comprehend. (Podcasts: ~1.8/2x + smart speed, Books: ~1.5/1.75x).

## Write

- Be clear in what I want to share. Be concise. [Cut out everything that’s not surprising.](https://sivers.org/d22) Remove noise.
- Use proper punctuation and capitalize things appropriately. Use simple language.
- Use imperative tense for briefness when making tasks (2Do, Trello, GitHub issues). Be clear.
- Remove unnecessary and _filler_ words. Use adverbs sparingly, they often undermine your point. Instead of `really like`, say `love`. Say more with less.
- Hyperlink words/phrases appropriately.
- Use headings to separate sections in articles/docs.
- Fix mistakes with spell checker.
- Format text to focus attention. **Bold** = strong emphasis. _Italic_ = soft emphasis. Syntax highlight `Code blocks`.

## Tools

- Only use what is necessary. Experiment with new tools/apps but never keep things I don't need. Applies to everything.
- Establish good mental models of what I need and what I use as I approach modifying my workflow and tools.
- Run less software/code. Only run what I use and need. Keep all systems clean & purposeful.
- Invest in learning/using/building new tools.
- Refine rules in Timing making sure all time is tracked automatically and correctly into projects.

## Share

- Share [everything I know](../sharing/everything-I-know.md) and made.
- Submit bugs and feature requests as soon as I encounter problems I can't solve. Twitter, email, in-app or feedback assistant.
- Say things that [contribute to the conversation](https://discourse.elm-lang.org/t/how-we-talk-about-other-languages/972/7). Be honest. Be nice.

## News

- Separate information into two levels of quality if necessary (i.e. Twitter Follows / Other).
- Subscribe to Atom over RSS feed if possible.

## Compassion

- Value each animal’s life as equal to that of my own. Don't eat or hurt anyone.
- Minimize suffering caused to other people. Be conscious of other people's feelings.
- Strive to empower everyone around me to be better. Show compassion and care.

## Finance

- Mindfully spend money. Make sure not to support practices I don't agree with.
- When paying online, make sure payments go through.

## Solve problems

- Aggressively research everything I don't understand. In solving problems, think about it in terms of models I can validate.
- For programming, think about the data model and operations. Always keep in mind the problem being solved.

## Code

- Write clear code. Explicit over implicit. [Readability Matters More Than Correctness](https://xph.us/2017/04/23/readability.html)
- Make code run first. Then make it fast (if necessary).
- Read docs. Update docs where needed.
- Function name should describe what it does. Good function names summarize what happens inside.
- Make sure to copy things I understand. Copy correctly.
- Delimit files with spaces using `-` instead of `_`.
- Use switch cases over long ifs.
- Open draft PRs for WIP changes, saying what should be added or considered in `Notes for reviewers` or the related issue. Ask for feedback.
- Minimize distractions in text editor.
- Comment over unclear code. Be as descriptive as necessary.
- Enforce one formatting style for code with automatic formatter.

## OSS

- Only merge PRs that are of quality & within project scope. Includes code & [curated lists](https://github.com/learn-anything/curated-lists).
- Give friendly explanation of why the change was rejected.

## Design

- Minimize decision making done by users. Good design leads.
- Impress users with [great landing page](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/design/design-inspiration#products).

## Photos

- Only keep good & memorable photos. Clean up the rest. Sort into albums.
- Don't over edit photos & share freely.

## Email

- Keep email inbox close to 0 at all times.
- Pin emails that need attention.
- Archive important emails accordingly. Delete the rest.
- Filter incoming emails. Separate personal emails from the rest (newsletters/other).

## Git

- Version control all projects. Commit often. Squash branches into [one good commit](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).
- Respect existing git workflow of projects.
- Prefix branch names with `fix/` or `feat/` appropriately.

## GitHub

- Add appropriate topics to each repo (languages used, problem space, ..)
- Use relative links instead of hard wired links (i.e. `../issues/` refers to issues of repo).
- Don't append `#readme` to GitHub repos that are not curated lists or simple readmes.
- Have same README & CONTRIBUTING content structure across all my repos.

## README

- Use HTML for rendering images if control of size or position is needed.
- Add appropriate _quote_ to briefly describe the repo (often is the same as description but with links).
- If README is long enough, add a **Contents** reference table.
- Add a way to visually show the project if possible.
- Add **Related** section linking to similar projects if possible.

## Wiki

- Treat wiki as my digital brain. Share everything I know or need to reference. [Reflect on my life](../looking-back/looking-back.md).
- Have [unified structure](../meta/reference.md) for all pages.
- Interlink pages to guide the reader.
- Don't repeat myself. Link. Keep files lowercased.
- Only keep links that are private in bookmarks. Everything else is shared either in wiki or [curated lists](https://github.com/learn-anything/curated-lists).

## Share files

- Temporary shares with [Transfer](https://transfer.sh). Permanent with Dropbox. Can use [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/) to link to GitHub raw files.

## Social

- Respect my time. If going on dates or meeting people, make it worthwhile or not go at all.
- Use [same profile picture](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/6391776?v=4) & [cover photo](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/1469451499/1572262491/1500x500) across all profiles. Don't change it.
- Use same username on all services. Either full name (`nikitavoloboev`) or `nikivi`. Or `nikivii` if `nikivi` is taken.

## Alfred

- Use descriptives lowercased names for external triggers.

## SnippetsLab

- Upload all non personal snippets as Gists.
- Create smart groups for new prefixes I add.
- Add correct language syntax to every snippet.

## 2Do

- Only have tasks I need to get done Today in `Today`. Important tasks are stored in `Starred` sorted by priority. Keep `Today` list manageable (< 15 tasks).
- All tasks need to be actionable.
- Work on tasks based on priority. Strive to keep `Starred` list close to 0.
- Add context of task as tags.

## Ask questions

- When posting an error or an issue, [give as much relevant information](../research/asking-questions.md) as I can to help debug it.

## Feedback

- When asking for feedback, never ask people if they like the product I built. Ask them whether they don't like anything instead.
- Welcome any feedback. The more critical feedback, the better. Internalize all useful feedback, make it actionable.

## Read

- Make notes as I read books & papers.
- Review read books on Goodreads & add it to [wiki](../books/books.md).
- Star articles I liked on Reeder. Transfer likes to wiki later.

## Licensing

- License OSS code under [MIT](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) or [Apache 2.0](<https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)>).
- License curated lists and everything else under [CC0](https://tldrlegal.com/license/creative-commons-cc0-1.0-universal).

## macOS/iOS

- Only run software I need. Quit everything else or delete entirely.
- Have full control over what is going on my OS to reasonable degree.
- Yellow arrows & text is nicer to read when annotating images.
- Don't play games on mac/iOS.
- [Automate backups](../backups/backups.md).
- Share images freely with [Imgur](https://imgur.com) where direct linking doesn't work.
- Copy screenshots to clipboard & paste for quick sharing.

## Trello

- Order of importance for cards: **Watching** -> **Next** -> No label.

## Travel

- Mark [places I've liked](https://www.google.com/maps/placelists/list/1t_jW3zR93T4wMQCQPo1aBbcS61A?hl=en) in Google Maps with optional notes about them.
- Buy transport (plane/train) & accommodation for future events/conferences/travels as soon as possible (when I am sure I am attending event/place).
- Proof check dates before buying tickets. Don't prepare large liquids (> 100ml) in planes.
- Check in online as early as possible.

## Giving talks

- Link to a page where people can get the slide deck + recording of talk given after giving any talk/presentation as a final slide. Can reuse the final slide for all talks.

Commit message:

art funding compilers computer-science blockchain fonts grpc rules game-engines ideas go-libraries haskell ocaml-libraries rust-libraries programming tools web-performance markdown

focusing/rules.md, after:

# Rules

## Life

- [Make](../ideas/ideas.md). [Learn](../sharing/everything-I-know.md). [Write](../sharing/my-articles.md). [Design](../design/design.md). [Share](../sharing/sharing.md).
- Set [tasks](../focusing/focusing.md). [Plan](../macOS/apps/fantastical.md). Focus.
- One task at a time. No distractions. Always [mindful](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md) of my actions & thoughts. Be calm.
- [Ask questions](../research/asking-questions.md). Be honest, clear & concise. Document.
- [Simplify & minimize](../minimalism/minimalism.md) everything. Don't repeat myself. Remove friction. Focus on essentials.
- Cut out noise (no analytics, likes..). No time wasted. Maximize impact & growth. Filter consumed information to optimize for signal.
- Learn from mistakes. Reflect. [Journal](../looking-back/looking-back.md). Move forward. Move fast.
- Embrace change. Be proactive. Be bold & fearless. Take ownership. Never give up. Never complain.
- [Don’t eat animals](../environment/veganism.md), don’t hurt any person. [Don't waste anything](../environment/zero-waste.md).
- Don't compare myself to other people. Surround myself with people that inspire me.
- Create art. Meet people. See places. Be inspired. Reuse work & ideas.
- Be consistent. Start early. Done > Perfect. Do the simplest thing. Solve core problems. [Enjoy the process](https://nikitavoloboev.xyz/likes/#quotes).
- Optimize and streamline [my workflow](../sharing/my-workflow.md) & [processes](processes.md) I use to get things done.
- Don't judge anyone. Attempt to see another person's point of view.
- Don't lie to myself nor anyone else. Be confident in my thoughts & actions. Be decisive. Give feedback.
- Don't stay in bed. Wake up fast and start the day. Keep straight posture & spine.
- Build, enforce & **follow these rules**. Complete all [essential habits](habits.md).
- Create & adjust rules based on new insights. [Take it easy](../life/happiness.md). You only live now.

## Health

- [Exercise](../fitness/fitness.md). 30+ min cardio/weights daily.
- Eat [whole food, plant based nutritious diet](../health/nutrition/nutrition.md).
- Drink lots of water & tea. Limit coffee. No sugar.
- Make sure to reach optimal micro & macro nutrient goals, [supplement](../health/nutrition/supplements.md) where needed.
- Always have straight posture. Sit properly and upright, don't bend my back/spine.
- Start every morning with quick workout.
- Brush teeth, [clean face](../health/skin-care.md) & shower daily.
- [Sleep](../sleep/sleep.md) fully. Don't limit sleep, ever. If need to wake up early, go to sleep early. Sleep ~8 hours each day.
- Everything in moderation. Avoid any damaging drugs (i.e. alcohol/opiates). Health above all. Limit [psychedelic](../drugs/psychedelics/psychedelics.md) use.
- Lead a [happy](../life/happiness.md), [mindful](../mindfulness/mindfulness.md), stress free life. Clean up.

## Focus

- When [focusing](../focusing/focusing.md), do the active task. No news/distractions (sites are blocked). No context switching.
- [Break problems down](../research/solving-problems.md). Solve each step one at a time. Know the end goal.
- Spend mindful time on all devices. on iOS, listen to podcasts/books, read/text. Don't do things that can be done faster on mac.
- Do bodyweight exercises during the day to regain focus. Change environments for inspiration.
- Listen to rain/fire sounds with [Noizio](http://noiz.io) or [Dark Noise](https://darknoise.app) when focusing with environment noise blocked. No distracting music.
- Only have essential notifications setup. iOS is always in Do Not Disturb mode.
- Say **no** to things. Set constraints & limits.
- Never give up if problem's worth solving. Optimize for long term growth over short term gains.
- Always breathe fresh air. Have proper lighting.
- Wear the same clean & comfortable clothes.
- Never sit for long. Sit up right. Use standing desk.
- Only use the bed for sleep. Start each day quickly by waking up & standing up.
- Don't overthink things. Clear up any confusions. Don't be stuck. Ask for help.
- Use priority system for everything and don't go outside its bounds. (i.e. Trello [Learn board](https://trello.com/b/cu32qF3q) or [Goodreads currently reading list](https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/15768482?shelf=currently-reading))

## Ideas

- Share [all ideas I have](https://trello.com/b/alB1ryRP). Add relevant description and links to describe the idea clearly.
- Start building early. Validate ideas. Iterate fast. Ship often. Listen to feedback.

## Learn

- Always learn new things but be purposeful & focused. Learn [fundamentals](https://medium.com/@nikitavoloboev/the-root-of-it-all-9b6ab6a77e1d) for clarity.
- Document everything. Don't repeat things. Link instead.
- There are no dumb questions. Do some research first though.
- [Build things from scratch](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn) to understand. Minimal version that works.
- Draw or sketch to distill complex ideas. Think through problems together. Discuss.
- Watch videos at 2x speed, unless it hurts comprehension or it's entertainment.
- Listen to podcasts/books at fastest speed I can comprehend. (Podcasts: ~1.8/2x + smart speed, Books: ~1.5/1.75x).

## Write

- Be clear in what I want to share. Be concise. [Cut out everything that’s not surprising.](https://sivers.org/d22) Remove noise.
- Use proper punctuation and capitalize things appropriately. Use simple language.
- Use imperative tense for briefness when making tasks (2Do, Trello, GitHub issues). Be clear.
- Remove unnecessary and _filler_ words. Use adverbs sparingly, they often undermine your point. Instead of `really like`, say `love`. Say more with less.
- Hyperlink words/phrases appropriately.
- Use headings to separate sections in articles/docs.
- Fix mistakes with spell checker.
- Format text to focus attention. **Bold** = strong emphasis. _Italic_ = soft emphasis. Syntax highlight `Code blocks`.

## Tools

- Only use what is necessary. Experiment with new tools/apps but never keep things I don't need. Applies to everything.
- Run less software/code. Only run what I use and need. Keep all systems clean & purposeful.
- Invest in learning/using/building new tools.
- Refine rules in Timing making sure all time is tracked automatically and correctly into projects.

## Share

- Share [everything I know](../sharing/everything-I-know.md) and made.
- Submit bugs and feature requests as soon as I encounter problems I can't solve. Twitter, email, in-app or feedback assistant.
- Say things that [contribute to the conversation](https://discourse.elm-lang.org/t/how-we-talk-about-other-languages/972/7). Be honest. Be nice.

## News

- Separate information into two levels of quality if necessary (i.e. Twitter Follows / Other).
- Subscribe to Atom over RSS feed if possible.

## Compassion

- Value each animal’s life as equal to that of my own. Don't eat or hurt anyone.
- Minimize suffering caused to other people. Be conscious of other people's feelings.
- Strive to empower everyone around me to be better. Show compassion and care.

## Finance

- Mindfully spend money. Make sure not to support practices I don't agree with.
- When paying online, make sure payments go through.

## Solve problems

- Aggressively research everything I don't understand. In solving problems, think about it in terms of models I can validate.
- For programming, think about the data model and operations. Always keep in mind the problem being solved.

## Code

- Write clear code. Explicit over implicit. [Readability Matters More Than Correctness](https://xph.us/2017/04/23/readability.html)
- Make code run first. Then make it fast (if necessary).
- Read docs. Update docs where needed.
- Function name should describe what it does. Good function names summarize what happens inside.
- Make sure to copy things I understand. Copy correctly.
- Delimit files with spaces using `-` instead of `_`.
- Use switch cases over long ifs.
- Open draft PRs for WIP changes, saying what should be added or considered in `Notes for reviewers` or the related issue. Ask for feedback.
- Minimize distractions in text editor.
- Comment over unclear code. Be as descriptive as necessary.
- Enforce one formatting style for code with automatic formatter.

## OSS

- Only merge PRs that are of quality & within project scope. Includes code & [curated lists](https://github.com/learn-anything/curated-lists).
- Give friendly explanation of why the change was rejected.

## Design

- Minimize decision making done by users. Good design leads.
- Impress users with [great landing page](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/design/design-inspiration#products).

## Photos

- Only keep good & memorable photos. Clean up the rest. Sort into albums.
- Don't over edit photos & share freely.

## Email

- Keep email inbox close to 0 at all times.
- Pin emails that need attention.
- Archive important emails accordingly. Delete the rest.
- Filter incoming emails. Separate personal emails from the rest (newsletters/other).

## Git

- Version control all projects. Commit often. Squash branches into [one good commit](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).
- Respect existing git workflow of projects.
- Prefix branch names with `fix/` or `feat/` appropriately.

## GitHub

- Add appropriate topics to each repo (languages used, problem space, ..)
- Use relative links instead of hard wired links (i.e. `../issues/` refers to issues of repo).
- Don't append `#readme` to GitHub repos that are not curated lists or simple readmes.
- Have same README & CONTRIBUTING content structure across all my repos.

## README

- Use HTML for rendering images if control of size or position is needed.
- Add appropriate _quote_ to briefly describe the repo (often is the same as description but with links).
- If README is long enough, add a **Contents** reference table.
- Add a way to visually show the project if possible.
- Add **Related** section linking to similar projects if possible.

## Wiki

- Treat wiki as my digital brain. Share everything I know or need to reference. [Reflect on my life](../looking-back/looking-back.md).
- Have [unified structure](../meta/reference.md) for all pages.
- Interlink pages to guide the reader.
- Don't repeat myself. Link. Keep files lowercased.
- Only keep links that are private in bookmarks. Everything else is shared either in wiki or [curated lists](https://github.com/learn-anything/curated-lists).

## Share files

- Temporary shares with [Transfer](https://transfer.sh). Permanent with Dropbox. Can use [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/) to link to GitHub raw files.

## Social

- Respect my time. If going on dates or meeting people, make it worthwhile or not go at all.
- Use [same profile picture](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/6391776?v=4) & [cover photo](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/1469451499/1572262491/1500x500) across all profiles. Don't change it.
- Use same username on all services. Either full name (`nikitavoloboev`) or `nikivi`. Or `nikivii` if `nikivi` is taken.

## Alfred

- Use descriptives lowercased names for external triggers.

## SnippetsLab

- Upload all non personal snippets as Gists.
- Create smart groups for new prefixes I add.
- Add correct language syntax to every snippet.

## 2Do

- Only have tasks I need to get done Today in `Today`. Important tasks are stored in `Starred` sorted by priority. Keep `Today` list manageable (< 15 tasks).
- All tasks need to be actionable.
- Work on tasks based on priority. Strive to keep `Starred` list close to 0.
- Add context of task as tags.

## Ask questions

- When posting an error or an issue, [give as much relevant information](../research/asking-questions.md) as I can to help debug it.

## Feedback

- When asking for feedback, never ask people if they like the product I built. Ask them whether they don't like anything instead.
- Welcome any feedback. The more critical feedback, the better. Internalize all useful feedback, make it actionable.

## Read

- Make notes as I read books & papers.
- Review read books on Goodreads & add it to [wiki](../books/books.md).
- Star articles I liked on Reeder. Transfer likes to wiki later.

## Licensing

- License OSS code under [MIT](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) or [Apache 2.0](<https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)>).
- License curated lists and everything else under [CC0](https://tldrlegal.com/license/creative-commons-cc0-1.0-universal).

## macOS/iOS

- Only run software I need. Quit everything else or delete entirely.
- Have full control over what is going on my OS to reasonable degree.
- Yellow arrows & text is nicer to read when annotating images.
- Don't play games on mac/iOS.
- [Automate backups](../backups/backups.md).
- Share images freely with [Imgur](https://imgur.com) where direct linking doesn't work.
- Copy screenshots to clipboard & paste for quick sharing.

## Trello

- Order of importance for cards: **Watching** -> **Next** -> No label.

## Travel

- Mark [places I've liked](https://www.google.com/maps/placelists/list/1t_jW3zR93T4wMQCQPo1aBbcS61A?hl=en) in Google Maps with optional notes about them.
- Buy transport (plane/train) & accommodation for future events/conferences/travels as soon as possible (when I am sure I am attending event/place).
- Proof check dates before buying tickets. Don't prepare large liquids (> 100ml) in planes.
- Check in online as early as possible.

## Giving talks

- Link to a page where people can get the slide deck + recording of talk given after giving any talk/presentation as a final slide. Can reuse the final slide for all talks.

## Shell

- Name aliases/functions optimizing for balance of character positioning and mnemonics (i.e. `r -> rg`).
