focusing/themes.md, before:

# Focus themes

My main focus in life is as mentioned in [rules](rules.md). Make. Write. Design. Share.

Most of it boils down to working on impactful to me ideas by breaking them down into a series of tasks. Below are some [themes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVGuFdX5guE) I want to focus on in general strokes. Some of it may be inspired by my [future predictions](../future/future.md).

## Clean up 2Do/GitHub tasks to < 500

Currently 2Do holds 4900 tasks. Over 3500 of them are read-later links I have left before moving to Pocket. I want to clear up the list to < 500.

This includes closing GitHub issues that are of priority to me. Beyond this I want to also clear Telegram Saved Messages & start clearing up Pocket list too after 2Do is done. Everything should be actionable and done with purpose & priority.

## Learn Anything

Make the best tool for learning anything and sharing ideas.

## Rekki

Make the best tool for chefs/suppliers.

## Health

As rules state, I should eat healthy and exercise as part of my routine life. This is more of an ongoing theme but want to give this more focus as I am 24 now and healthy habits stick around and should become core part of my lifestyle.

## Go deep

Dive deep into technology I use. Understand each layer of the stack intimately. Can only understand it by [building](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn).

## Minimize & refine tools

I want to deeply focus on building and extending tools to solve well defined problems I have. I want to further automate and optimize any frictions I feel in life & work to free up time and energy to do creative problem solving. I want to deeply know the tools and software I use. Which in turn should let me only use the essential things I need in life.

I want to minimize incoming stream of information that I can't act on. I want to surround myself with a community of people that inspire me to create more. The tools I use & spaces I work in should reflect these goals.

Simplicity is the ultimate goal.

## Read long form

Read books & research papers relevant to problems I want to solve. This means reading long form writing where prolonged focus is needed. Note down and act on gained insights.

## Write, record videos & share

Rebuild my personal website & have my own hosted blog I can extend (with RSS feed). Start writing to it. Share tools/projects details on my website.

Start teaching with videos. Review, edit & publish quality content.

Commit message:

photography chemistry computer-graphics image-processing sql color design-inspiration design fonts rules themes css-grid games macOS-apps neural-networks management game-theory operating-systems other wiki-workflow nix privacy nextjs rust-libraries rust programming serialization git marketing blogs staying-on-top-of-things tools fish jamstack webassembly interviews writing

focusing/themes.md, after:

# Focus themes

My main focus in life is to [make, learn, write, design & share](rules.md) things.

I try to work on impactful to me ideas by breaking them down into series of tasks. As a way to give direction to my life, I outline some [themes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVGuFdX5guE) for myself to focus on right now.

## Clean up 2Do/GitHub tasks to < 500

Currently 2Do holds 4900 tasks. Over 3500 of them are read-later links I have left before moving to Pocket. I want to clear up the list to < 500.

This includes closing GitHub issues that are of priority to me. Beyond this I want to also clear Telegram Saved Messages & start clearing up Pocket list too after 2Do is done. Everything should be actionable and done with purpose & priority.

## Learn Anything

Make the best tool for learning anything and sharing ideas.

## Rekki

Make the best tool for chefs/suppliers.

## Health

As rules state, I should eat healthy and exercise as part of my routine life. This is more of an ongoing theme but want to give this more focus as I am 24 now and healthy habits stick around and should become core part of my lifestyle.

## Go deep

Dive deep into technology I use. Understand each layer of the stack intimately. Can only understand it by [building](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/build-to-learn).

## Minimize & refine tools

I want to deeply focus on building and extending tools to solve well defined problems I have. I want to further automate and optimize any frictions I feel in life & work to free up time and energy to do creative problem solving. I want to deeply know the tools and software I use. Which in turn should let me only use the essential things I need in life.

I want to minimize incoming stream of information that I can't act on. I want to surround myself with a community of people that inspire me to create more. The tools I use & spaces I work in should reflect these goals.

Simplicity is the ultimate goal.

## Read long form

Read books & research papers relevant to problems I want to solve. This means reading long form writing where prolonged focus is needed. Note down and act on gained insights.

## Write, record videos & share

Rebuild my personal website & have my own hosted blog I can extend (with RSS feed). Start writing to it. Share tools/projects details on my website.

Start teaching with videos. Review, edit & publish quality content.
