games/gamedev/game-engines/game-engines.md, before:

# Game engines

## Interesting Engines

- [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot)
- [Love](https://love2d.org) ([Code](https://github.com/love2d/love))
- [ggez](https://github.com/ggez/ggez)
- [Amethyst](https://github.com/amethyst/amethyst)
- [Open Source Game Engine for Turn-Based Games](https://github.com/nicolodavis/boardgame.io)
- [Xash3D FWGS Engine](https://github.com/FWGS/xash3d) - Custom Gold Source engine rewritten from scratch.
- [Newton](https://github.com/hunterloftis/newton) - Playful, particle-based physics engine designed from the ground up for JavaScript.
- [Noa](https://github.com/andyhall/noa) - Experimental voxel game engine.
- [nphysics](https://github.com/rustsim/nphysics) - 2 and 3-dimensional rigid body physics engine for Rust.
- [Piston](https://github.com/PistonDevelopers/piston) - Modular game engine written in Rust.
- [GDevelop](https://github.com/4ian/GDevelop) - Open-source, cross-platform game engine designed to be used by everyone.
- [Corona](https://github.com/coronalabs/corona) - Simple to learn and use 2D game engine developed by Corona Labs.
- [VCMI](https://github.com/vcmi/vcmi) - Open-source engine for Heroes of Might and Magic III.
- [Hex Engine](https://github.com/suchipi/hex-engine) - Modern 2D game engine for the browser.
- [RaZ](https://github.com/Razakhel/RaZ) - Modern & multiplatform 3D engine in C++17.
- [Flex Engine](https://github.com/ajweeks/FlexEngine) - Personal game engine.
- [Panda3D](https://github.com/panda3d/panda3d) - Powerful, mature open-source cross-platform game engine for Python and C++, developed by Disney and CMU.
- [ReactPhysics3D](https://github.com/DanielChappuis/reactphysics3d) - Open source C++ physics engine library that can be used in 3D simulations and games.
- [Untold Engine](https://github.com/untoldengine/UntoldEngine) - Easy to use, open source, 3D game engine for iOS/macOS game development.
- [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/box2d) - 2D physics engine for games.
- [RG3D](https://github.com/mrDIMAS/rg3d) - 3D game engine written in Rust.
- [ResidualVM](https://github.com/residualvm/residualvm) - 3D game interpreter.
- [qengine](https://github.com/klaussilveira/qengine) - Retro game engine for developers that enjoy creating games like it's 1997.
- [Filament](https://github.com/google/filament) - Real-time physically based rendering engine for Android, iOS, Linux, macOS, Windows, and WebGL.
- [Peacock](https://github.com/maxdeviant/peacock) - Game engine for making beautiful games.
- [qu3e](https://github.com/RandyGaul/qu3e) - Lightweight and Simple 3D Open Source Physics Engine in C++.
- [Falltergeist](https://github.com/falltergeist/falltergeist) - Open source cross platform Fallout 2™ game engine written in C++ and SDL.
- [Vault13](https://github.com/pingw33n/vault13) - Reimplementation of Fallout 2 engine in Rust.
- [Minetest](https://github.com/minetest/minetest) - Free open-source voxel game engine with easy modding and game creation.
- [Crow](https://github.com/lcnr/crow) - Simple pixel perfect 2D rendering engine in Rust. ([Akari - game built with Crow](https://github.com/lcnr/akari))

## Links

- [A first-person engine in 265 lines](http://www.playfuljs.com/a-first-person-engine-in-265-lines/)
- [Game Engine Black Book Wolfenstein 3D](http://fabiensanglard.net/gebbwolf3d/)
- [bgfx](https://github.com/bkaradzic/bgfx) - Cross-platform, graphics API agnostic, "Bring Your Own Engine/Framework" style rendering library.
- [Atelier Assets](https://github.com/amethyst/atelier-assets) - Asset management & processing framework for game engines.
- [Game Engine learnings in Rust](https://github.com/tuzz/game-engine)
- [Custom Game Engines: A Small Study (2020)](https://gist.github.com/raysan5/909dc6cf33ed40223eb0dfe625c0de74) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22965078))
- [Making game engines is a waste of time - I probably won’t stop making them (2020)](https://benwiser.com/blog/Making-game-engines-is-a-waste-of-time---I-probably-won%E2%80%99t-stop-making-them.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23214621))

Commit message:

generative-art dynamodb game-engines homotopy-theory math authentication react rust vim-plugins roam-research

games/gamedev/game-engines/game-engines.md, after:

# Game engines

## Interesting Engines

- [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot)
- [Love](https://love2d.org) ([Code](https://github.com/love2d/love))
- [ggez](https://github.com/ggez/ggez)
- [Amethyst](https://github.com/amethyst/amethyst)
- [Open Source Game Engine for Turn-Based Games](https://github.com/nicolodavis/boardgame.io)
- [Xash3D FWGS Engine](https://github.com/FWGS/xash3d) - Custom Gold Source engine rewritten from scratch.
- [Newton](https://github.com/hunterloftis/newton) - Playful, particle-based physics engine designed from the ground up for JavaScript.
- [Noa](https://github.com/andyhall/noa) - Experimental voxel game engine.
- [nphysics](https://github.com/rustsim/nphysics) - 2 and 3-dimensional rigid body physics engine for Rust.
- [Piston](https://github.com/PistonDevelopers/piston) - Modular game engine written in Rust.
- [GDevelop](https://github.com/4ian/GDevelop) - Open-source, cross-platform game engine designed to be used by everyone.
- [Corona](https://github.com/coronalabs/corona) - Simple to learn and use 2D game engine developed by Corona Labs.
- [VCMI](https://github.com/vcmi/vcmi) - Open-source engine for Heroes of Might and Magic III.
- [Hex Engine](https://github.com/suchipi/hex-engine) - Modern 2D game engine for the browser.
- [RaZ](https://github.com/Razakhel/RaZ) - Modern & multiplatform 3D engine in C++17.
- [Flex Engine](https://github.com/ajweeks/FlexEngine) - Personal game engine.
- [Panda3D](https://github.com/panda3d/panda3d) - Powerful, mature open-source cross-platform game engine for Python and C++, developed by Disney and CMU.
- [ReactPhysics3D](https://github.com/DanielChappuis/reactphysics3d) - Open source C++ physics engine library that can be used in 3D simulations and games.
- [Untold Engine](https://github.com/untoldengine/UntoldEngine) - Easy to use, open source, 3D game engine for iOS/macOS game development.
- [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/box2d) - 2D physics engine for games.
- [RG3D](https://github.com/mrDIMAS/rg3d) - 3D game engine written in Rust.
- [ResidualVM](https://github.com/residualvm/residualvm) - 3D game interpreter.
- [qengine](https://github.com/klaussilveira/qengine) - Retro game engine for developers that enjoy creating games like it's 1997.
- [Filament](https://github.com/google/filament) - Real-time physically based rendering engine for Android, iOS, Linux, macOS, Windows, and WebGL.
- [Peacock](https://github.com/maxdeviant/peacock) - Game engine for making beautiful games.
- [qu3e](https://github.com/RandyGaul/qu3e) - Lightweight and Simple 3D Open Source Physics Engine in C++.
- [Falltergeist](https://github.com/falltergeist/falltergeist) - Open source cross platform Fallout 2™ game engine written in C++ and SDL.
- [Vault13](https://github.com/pingw33n/vault13) - Reimplementation of Fallout 2 engine in Rust.
- [Minetest](https://github.com/minetest/minetest) - Free open-source voxel game engine with easy modding and game creation.
- [Crow](https://github.com/lcnr/crow) - Simple pixel perfect 2D rendering engine in Rust. ([Akari - game built with Crow](https://github.com/lcnr/akari))
- [Defold](https://defold.com/) - Ultimate game engine for web and mobile. ([Code](https://github.com/defold/defold)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23232648))

## Links

- [A first-person engine in 265 lines](http://www.playfuljs.com/a-first-person-engine-in-265-lines/)
- [Game Engine Black Book Wolfenstein 3D](http://fabiensanglard.net/gebbwolf3d/)
- [bgfx](https://github.com/bkaradzic/bgfx) - Cross-platform, graphics API agnostic, "Bring Your Own Engine/Framework" style rendering library.
- [Atelier Assets](https://github.com/amethyst/atelier-assets) - Asset management & processing framework for game engines.
- [Game Engine learnings in Rust](https://github.com/tuzz/game-engine)
- [Custom Game Engines: A Small Study (2020)](https://gist.github.com/raysan5/909dc6cf33ed40223eb0dfe625c0de74) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22965078))
- [Making game engines is a waste of time - I probably won’t stop making them (2020)](https://benwiser.com/blog/Making-game-engines-is-a-waste-of-time---I-probably-won%E2%80%99t-stop-making-them.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23214621))
