security/cryptography/cryptography.md, before:

# Cryptography

## Links

- [Making Private Communication Simple - Moxie Marlinspike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp-b8iTZqzM)
- [trezor-crypto](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-crypto) - Heavily optimized cryptography algorithms for embedded devices.
- [emmy](https://github.com/xlab-si/emmy) - Library for zero-knowledge proof based applications (like anonymous credentials).
- [s2n](https://github.com/awslabs/s2n) - Implementation of the TLS/SSL protocols.
- [Practical Cryptography With Go](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto/read)
- [LibHydrogen](https://github.com/jedisct1/libhydrogen) - Lightweight, secure, easy-to-use crypto library suitable for constrained environments.
- [Awesome Cryptography](https://github.com/sobolevn/awesome-cryptography#readme)
- [Asymmetric Cryptography: Works Like Magic](https://dominictarr.com/post/106497926352/asymmetric-cryptography-works-like-magic)
- [saltpack](https://github.com/keybase/saltpack) - Modern crypto messaging format.
- [Introduction to Cryptography by Christof Paar](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1usFRN4LCMcfIV7UjHNuQg/videos)
- [Keybase](https://keybase.io) - Secure groups, files, and chat for everyone.
- [Signal](https://signal.org) - Secure messenger.
- [Cryptocoding](https://github.com/veorq/cryptocoding) - Guidelines for low-level cryptography software.
- [Constant-Time Toolkit](https://github.com/pornin/CTTK)
- [Tink](https://github.com/google/tink) - Multi-language, cross-platform, open source library that provides cryptographic APIs that are secure, easy to use correctly, and hard(er) to misuse.
- [Ring](https://github.com/briansmith/ring) - Safe, fast, small crypto using Rust.
- [dalek cryptography](https://github.com/dalek-cryptography) - Fast, safe, pure-rust elliptic curve cryptography.
- [Trillian](https://github.com/google/trillian) - Transparent, highly scalable and cryptographically verifiable data store.
- [Intuitive Advanced Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/intuitive-advanced-cryptography/blob/master/advancedcrypto.pdf)
- [Elliptic Curve Cryptography Explained (2019)](https://fangpenlin.com/posts/2019/10/07/elliptic-curve-cryptography-explained/)
- [The Latest Developments in Cryptography Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQdkZRLD09M)
- [An Overview of Cryptography](https://www.garykessler.net/library/crypto.html)
- [A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography (2020)](https://toc.cryptobook.us/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22013751))
- [BLAKE3 (in Rust)](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3) - Cryptographic hash function.
- [BLAKE3 (rewrite in Go)](https://github.com/lukechampine/blake3)
- [BLAKE3 (in JS)](https://github.com/connor4312/blake3) - Hashing for JavaScript: native Node bindings (where available) and WebAssembly.
- [BLAKE3 reference specification](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3-specs)
- [real world crypto talks](https://flak.tedunangst.com/post/real-world-crypto-talks)
- [awesome-mpc](https://github.com/rdragos/awesome-mpc#readme) - Curated list of multi party computation resources and links.
- [Basic Intro to Lattices in Cryptography (2020)](https://qvault.io/2020/01/23/very-basic-intro-to-lattices-in-cryptography/)
- [SwiftCrypto](https://github.com/apple/swift-crypto) - Open-source implementation of a substantial portion of the API of Apple CryptoKit suitable for use on Linux platforms. ([Article](https://swift.org/blog/crypto/))
- [Fiat-Crypto](https://github.com/mit-plv/fiat-crypto) - Cryptographic Primitive Code Generation by Fiat.
- [CIRCL](https://github.com/cloudflare/circl) - Cloudflare Interoperable Reusable Cryptographic Library.
- [cosign](https://github.com/osresearch/cosign) - Cooperative RSA signatures.
- [Practical Cryptography for Developers book](https://cryptobook.nakov.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/nakov/Practical-Cryptography-for-Developers-Book))
- [Cryptopals](https://cryptopals.com/) - Collection of 48 exercises that demonstrate attacks on real-world crypto.
- [Intuitive Advanced Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/intuitive-advanced-cryptography/blob/master/advancedcrypto.pdf)
- [Intuitive Understanding of Quantum Computation and Post-Quantum Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/postquantumcrypto)
- [Cofactor Explained: Clearing Elliptic Curves' dirty little secret (2020)](http://loup-vaillant.fr/tutorials/cofactor)
- [Move Fast and Roll Your Own Crypto. Quick Look at the Confidentiality of Zoom Meetings (2020)](https://citizenlab.ca/2020/04/move-fast-roll-your-own-crypto-a-quick-look-at-the-confidentiality-of-zoom-meetings/)
- [Monocypher](https://github.com/LoupVaillant/Monocypher) - Easy to use, easy to deploy crypto library.

Commit message:

products alan-watts haskell unison cryptography

security/cryptography/cryptography.md, after:

# Cryptography

## Notes

- [The megatrend in cryptography of the 2010s was elliptic curves, pairings and general purpose ZKPs/SNARKs. The megatrend of the 2020s will be (in addition to broad adoption of the above) lattices, LWE, multilinear maps, homomorphic encryption, MPC and obfuscation.](https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/1248704356758753281)

## Links

- [Making Private Communication Simple - Moxie Marlinspike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp-b8iTZqzM)
- [trezor-crypto](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-crypto) - Heavily optimized cryptography algorithms for embedded devices.
- [emmy](https://github.com/xlab-si/emmy) - Library for zero-knowledge proof based applications (like anonymous credentials).
- [s2n](https://github.com/awslabs/s2n) - Implementation of the TLS/SSL protocols.
- [Practical Cryptography With Go](https://leanpub.com/gocrypto/read)
- [LibHydrogen](https://github.com/jedisct1/libhydrogen) - Lightweight, secure, easy-to-use crypto library suitable for constrained environments.
- [Awesome Cryptography](https://github.com/sobolevn/awesome-cryptography#readme)
- [Asymmetric Cryptography: Works Like Magic](https://dominictarr.com/post/106497926352/asymmetric-cryptography-works-like-magic)
- [saltpack](https://github.com/keybase/saltpack) - Modern crypto messaging format.
- [Introduction to Cryptography by Christof Paar](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1usFRN4LCMcfIV7UjHNuQg/videos)
- [Keybase](https://keybase.io) - Secure groups, files, and chat for everyone.
- [Signal](https://signal.org) - Secure messenger.
- [Cryptocoding](https://github.com/veorq/cryptocoding) - Guidelines for low-level cryptography software.
- [Constant-Time Toolkit](https://github.com/pornin/CTTK)
- [Tink](https://github.com/google/tink) - Multi-language, cross-platform, open source library that provides cryptographic APIs that are secure, easy to use correctly, and hard(er) to misuse.
- [Ring](https://github.com/briansmith/ring) - Safe, fast, small crypto using Rust.
- [dalek cryptography](https://github.com/dalek-cryptography) - Fast, safe, pure-rust elliptic curve cryptography.
- [Trillian](https://github.com/google/trillian) - Transparent, highly scalable and cryptographically verifiable data store.
- [Intuitive Advanced Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/intuitive-advanced-cryptography/blob/master/advancedcrypto.pdf)
- [Elliptic Curve Cryptography Explained (2019)](https://fangpenlin.com/posts/2019/10/07/elliptic-curve-cryptography-explained/)
- [The Latest Developments in Cryptography Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQdkZRLD09M)
- [An Overview of Cryptography](https://www.garykessler.net/library/crypto.html)
- [A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography (2020)](https://toc.cryptobook.us/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22013751))
- [BLAKE3 (in Rust)](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3) - Cryptographic hash function.
- [BLAKE3 (rewrite in Go)](https://github.com/lukechampine/blake3)
- [BLAKE3 (in JS)](https://github.com/connor4312/blake3) - Hashing for JavaScript: native Node bindings (where available) and WebAssembly.
- [BLAKE3 reference specification](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3-specs)
- [real world crypto talks](https://flak.tedunangst.com/post/real-world-crypto-talks)
- [awesome-mpc](https://github.com/rdragos/awesome-mpc#readme) - Curated list of multi party computation resources and links.
- [Basic Intro to Lattices in Cryptography (2020)](https://qvault.io/2020/01/23/very-basic-intro-to-lattices-in-cryptography/)
- [SwiftCrypto](https://github.com/apple/swift-crypto) - Open-source implementation of a substantial portion of the API of Apple CryptoKit suitable for use on Linux platforms. ([Article](https://swift.org/blog/crypto/))
- [Fiat-Crypto](https://github.com/mit-plv/fiat-crypto) - Cryptographic Primitive Code Generation by Fiat.
- [CIRCL](https://github.com/cloudflare/circl) - Cloudflare Interoperable Reusable Cryptographic Library.
- [cosign](https://github.com/osresearch/cosign) - Cooperative RSA signatures.
- [Practical Cryptography for Developers book](https://cryptobook.nakov.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/nakov/Practical-Cryptography-for-Developers-Book))
- [Cryptopals](https://cryptopals.com/) - Collection of 48 exercises that demonstrate attacks on real-world crypto.
- [Intuitive Advanced Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/intuitive-advanced-cryptography/blob/master/advancedcrypto.pdf)
- [Intuitive Understanding of Quantum Computation and Post-Quantum Cryptography](https://github.com/cryptosubtlety/postquantumcrypto)
- [Cofactor Explained: Clearing Elliptic Curves' dirty little secret (2020)](http://loup-vaillant.fr/tutorials/cofactor)
- [Move Fast and Roll Your Own Crypto. Quick Look at the Confidentiality of Zoom Meetings (2020)](https://citizenlab.ca/2020/04/move-fast-roll-your-own-crypto-a-quick-look-at-the-confidentiality-of-zoom-meetings/)
- [Monocypher](https://github.com/LoupVaillant/Monocypher) - Easy to use, easy to deploy crypto library.
