minimalism/minimalism.md, before:

# Minimalism

I love to live minimally and only use what I need. Think about things that matter to me. Cutting out the noise and [focusing on what's important](../focusing/focusing.md) to me. I love not keeping everything in my head and letting software and tools do the things they are good at. Storing and retrieving information. Events, todos, tasks and projects.

I try to focus on one task a time. Finished the task? Do the next one in the queue. Task too difficult? [Slice it and break it down to smaller tasks I can work on](../research/solving-problems.md). One by one. No extra thinking of whether I am doing the right thing right now or whether I should be focusing my time on something else. Full focus on the task at hand until it is done.

What I find important in life changes as I gain more experience but I always try to be mindful of how I spend my time and what do I actually need to live a [fulfilling and happy life](../life/happiness.md).

## Possessions

I keep a [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/HotsLGsc) where I list things I own in my life. I try to make sure that the items I do own fit into one backpack so I can move to any place in the world with no effort.

Here is how that board looks for me:

![](https://i.imgur.com/WDLCLHd.png)

I describe how I use each of them & the price + link of where I bought the item from in the description. I use [FB Market Place](https://facebook.com/marketplace) to sell off the things I don't need.

I [budget all my money](../economy/finance.md). This allows me to spend & invest mindfully and not buy things I don't need.

## Notes

- [Will this item provide value? If not, get rid of it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/846drx/extreme_minimalism_a_trend/)
- I've found the easiest stuff to organize is the stuff I no longer have.
- [The core of minimalism is having more by owning less (have more value while having less things).](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/8xnssq/have_you_ever_tried_to_incorporate_minimalism/)
- [Minimalism, at it's core, should not be defined by the number of items you own but by our relationship with material goods. In our society, our identity is linked to the things that we own. We are the books on the shelf and the pictures in a box. Just throwing away those items, does not break that dependance.](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/8x8su3/at_what_point_is_minimalism_an_unhealthy_obsession/)
  - When we break our dependance on material objects, we naturally find no use for the things that we do not need. Only when we extinguish that need to own things can we call ourselves minimalists. Otherwise, we are just trying to impress. If there is struggle, then there is dysfunction.
- So many people are just replacing their attachment and dependency with tangible objects into attachment and dependency with the "idea" of minimalism. It morphs into someone's entire identity. It's just trading one addiction with another.
- [FB Market Place](https://facebook.com/marketplace), [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com), [Gumtree](https://www.gumtree.com/), [Swappa (US only)](https://swappa.com) can be used to sell things.

## Links

- [Living with less. Everything i own now fits into a single carry-on bag.](http://www.wernervanrooyen.com/living-with-less-one-bag/)
- [How a Month without Computers Changed Me](https://dev.to/iskin/how-a-month-without-computers-changed-me-1ho4)
- [Going minimal (2012)](http://wy.io/going-minimal/)
- [There Is Too Much Stuff (2019)](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2019/05/too-many-options/590185/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20018756))
- [Minimalism — The most undervalued development skill (2019)](https://volument.com/blog/minimalism-the-most-undervalued-development-skill) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21871491))
- [mnmllist](https://mnmll.ist/) - Listing all things minimal.

Commit message:

SUMMARY business pricing courses 2018-june minimalism my-trello my-workflow finding-work

minimalism/minimalism.md, after:

# Minimalism

I love to live minimally and only use what I need. Think about things that matter to me. Cutting out the noise and [focusing on what's important](../focusing/focusing.md) to me. I love not keeping everything in my head and letting software and tools do the things they are good at. Storing and retrieving information. Events, todos, tasks and projects.

I try to focus on one task a time. Finished the task? Do the next one in the queue. Task too difficult? [Slice it and break it down to smaller tasks I can work on](../research/solving-problems.md). One by one. No extra thinking of whether I am doing the right thing right now or whether I should be focusing my time on something else. Full focus on the task at hand until it is done.

What I find important in life changes as I gain more experience but I always try to be mindful of how I spend my time and what do I actually need to live a [fulfilling and happy life](../life/happiness.md).

## Possessions

I list [all the things I own](../sharing/things.md) in life. I make sure that it all fits into one backpack or extra bag so I can move to any place in the world with no effort.

I [budget & invest my money](../economy/finance.md).

## Notes

- [Will this item provide value? If not, get rid of it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/846drx/extreme_minimalism_a_trend/)
- I've found the easiest stuff to organize is the stuff I no longer have.
- [The core of minimalism is having more by owning less (have more value while having less things).](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/8xnssq/have_you_ever_tried_to_incorporate_minimalism/)
- [Minimalism, at it's core, should not be defined by the number of items you own but by our relationship with material goods. In our society, our identity is linked to the things that we own. We are the books on the shelf and the pictures in a box. Just throwing away those items, does not break that dependance.](https://www.reddit.com/r/minimalism/comments/8x8su3/at_what_point_is_minimalism_an_unhealthy_obsession/)
  - When we break our dependance on material objects, we naturally find no use for the things that we do not need. Only when we extinguish that need to own things can we call ourselves minimalists. Otherwise, we are just trying to impress. If there is struggle, then there is dysfunction.
- So many people are just replacing their attachment and dependency with tangible objects into attachment and dependency with the "idea" of minimalism. It morphs into someone's entire identity. It's just trading one addiction with another.
- [FB Market Place](https://facebook.com/marketplace), [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com), [Gumtree](https://www.gumtree.com/), [Swappa (US only)](https://swappa.com) can be used to sell things.

## Links

- [Living with less. Everything i own now fits into a single carry-on bag.](http://www.wernervanrooyen.com/living-with-less-one-bag/)
- [How a Month without Computers Changed Me](https://dev.to/iskin/how-a-month-without-computers-changed-me-1ho4)
- [Going minimal (2012)](http://wy.io/going-minimal/)
- [There Is Too Much Stuff (2019)](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2019/05/too-many-options/590185/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20018756))
- [Minimalism — The most undervalued development skill (2019)](https://volument.com/blog/minimalism-the-most-undervalued-development-skill) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21871491))
- [mnmllist](https://mnmll.ist/) - Listing all things minimal.
