macOS/apps/macOS-apps.md, before:

# macOS apps

I maintain a big list of apps I use on my system [here](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/my-mac-os#readme) together with why and how I use them.

And [here](https://gist.github.com/f8535907961e7445ceb7d6415f9663d9) is a full list of the apps I have inside my `/Applications` folder.

## Nice OSS macOS Swift/ObjC apps

- [Pine](https://github.com/lukakerr/Pine) - Modern, native macOS markdown editor.
- [Twig](https://github.com/lukakerr/twig/) - Modern macOS markdown editor.
- [Sloth](https://github.com/sveinbjornt/Sloth) - Displays all open files and sockets in use by all running processes on your system.
- [Workbench](https://github.com/mxcl/Workbench) - Seamless, automatic, “dotfile” sync to iCloud.
- [LuLu](https://github.com/objective-see/LuLu) - Free macOS firewall.
- [Conferences.digital](https://github.com/zagahr/Conferences.digital) - Watch the latest and greatest conference videos on your Mac.
- [Gifski](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gifski-app) - Convert videos to high-quality GIFs on your Mac.
- [Sourceful](https://github.com/twostraws/Sourceful) - Native source editor for iOS and macOS.
- [Shifty](https://github.com/thompsonate/Shifty) - MacOS menu bar app that gives you more control over Night Shift.
- [Seashore](https://github.com/robaho/seashore) - Easy to use mac osx image editing application, gimp light.
- [Linked Ideas](https://github.com/fespinoza/LinkedIdeas) - MacOS/iOS apps to treat ideas as links of concepts.
- [HotKey](https://github.com/soffes/HotKey) - Simple global shortcuts in macOS.
- [Latest](https://github.com/mangerlahn/Latest) - Small utility app for macOS that makes sure you know about all the latest updates to the apps you use.
- [Hidden Bar](https://github.com/dwarvesf/hidden) - Ultra-light MacOS utility that helps hide menu bar icons. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21794858))
- [NetNewsWire](https://github.com/brentsimmons/NetNewsWire) - RSS reader for macOS.
- [macos-key-cast](https://github.com/karaggeorge/macos-key-cast) - Log keys pressed on macOS. Useful for screen recordings and presentations.
- [Rectangle](https://github.com/rxhanson/Rectangle) - Move and resize windows on macOS with keyboard shortcuts and snap areas.
- [Plash](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Plash) - Make any website your Mac desktop wallpaper.
- [Swindler](https://github.com/tmandry/Swindler) - Swift window management library for macOS.
- [Lunar](https://github.com/alin23/Lunar) - Intelligent adaptive brightness for your external display.
- [Tinkle](https://github.com/pqrs-org/Tinkle/) - Appends a visual effect for the focused window changes.
- [Maccy](https://github.com/p0deje/Maccy) - Lightweight clipboard manager for macOS.
- [Pasteboard Viewer](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Pasteboard-Viewer) - Inspect the system pasteboards on macOS.
- [Vimac](https://github.com/dexterleng/vimac) - Vimium for macOS.
- [LinkLiar](https://github.com/halo/LinkLiar) - Link-Layer MAC spoofing GUI for macOS.
- [Crescendo](https://github.com/SuprHackerSteve/Crescendo) - Swift based, real time event viewer for macOS. It utilizes Apple's Endpoint Security Framework.
- [Blurred](https://github.com/dwarvesf/Blurred) - macOS utility that helps reduce distraction by dimming your inactive noise.
- [HackerNews.app](https://github.com/pcr910303/HackerNews) - HN macOS app based on official API.
- [BluetoothConnector](https://github.com/lapfelix/BluetoothConnector) - Simple macOS CLI to connect/disconnect a Bluetooth device. Useful for AirPods or other Bluetooth headphones.
- [Universal Tip](https://github.com/tanin47/tip) - Programmable tooltip that can be used with any macOS app.
- [NWPusher](https://github.com/noodlewerk/NWPusher) - macOS and iOS application and framework to play with the Apple Push Notification service.
- [MacCacheCleaner](https://github.com/kaunteya/MacCacheCleaner)
- [Timer App](https://github.com/Zeqiang-Lai/Timer-APP) - Simple Stopwatch App for macOS.
- [Cameo](https://github.com/lvsti/Cameo) - Small utility based on CMIOKit to explore installed CMIO DAL plugins and their properties.
- [Pock](https://github.com/pigigaldi/Pock) - Display macOS Dock in Touch Bar.
- [Akku](https://github.com/jariz/Akku) - Missing macOS bluetooth headset battery indicator app.
- [SubEthaEdit](https://github.com/subethaedit/SubEthaEdit) - General purpose plain-text editor for macOS. Widely known for its live collaboration feature. ([Web](https://subethaedit.net/)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23199805))
- [RegEx+](https://github.com/lexrus/RegExPlus) - Nifty RegEx test tool built with SwiftUI.
- [Glance](https://github.com/samuelmeuli/glance) - Provides Quick Look previews for files that macOS doesn't support out of the box.
- [MonitorControl](https://github.com/the0neyouseek/MonitorControl) - Control your external monitor brightness & volume on your Mac.
- [Up Next](https://ellen.li/up-next/) - Meetings at a glance from your macOS menu bar.
- [Multi](https://github.com/hkgumbs/multi) - Create a custom, lightweight macOS app from a group of websites. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23275080))
- [NetNewsWire](https://github.com/Ranchero-Software/NetNewsWire) - RSS reader for macOS and iOS.

## Other interesting apps

- [Finicky](https://github.com/johnste/finicky) - MacOS app for customizing which browser to start.
- [OpenQuickly](https://github.com/lukakerr/OpenQuickly) - Custom 'open quickly' window that imitates macOS' Spotlight.
- [Flotato](https://flotato.com/) - Turn any web page into a Mac app.
- [Autumn](https://github.com/apandhi/Autumn) - MacOS window manager built for JavaScript hackers.
- [Zappy](https://zapier.com/zappy) - Screen capture tool. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22815227))
- [BlockBlock](https://github.com/objective-see/BlockBlock) - Provides continual protection by monitoring persistence locations.

## Links

- [Awesome macOS apps](https://github.com/learn-anything/macos-apps#readme)
- [Open Source macOS apps](https://github.com/serhii-londar/open-source-mac-os-apps#readme)
- [Hyperlink and Deep Linking URLs](https://www.evernote.com/shard/s107/sh/c1c6cfa0-7558-4b17-84a0-6c7f6dce2a85/285e49afa8b122d9)
- [Ship app open source code](https://www.realartists.com/blog/ship-is-open-source.html) - Amazing GitHub native client that was closed down.
- [Collection of open and indie Mac, iOS, and web apps that help promote the open web](https://macopenweb.com/)
- [Dashing](https://github.com/technosophos/dashing) - Generate Dash documentation from HTML.
- [yabai](https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai) - Tiling window manager for macOS based on binary space partitioning.
- [3 Advanced Workflows for "Things" Power User](https://fabriziorinaldi.io/blog/things-advanced-workflows)
- [Apps & services (Russian)](https://www.notion.so/54e01db500f24267afcf528cc02284a6)

Commit message:

viruses data-structures macOS-apps go-libraries react-components julia-libraries rust

macOS/apps/macOS-apps.md, after:

# macOS apps

I maintain a big list of apps I use on my system [here](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/my-mac-os#readme) together with why and how I use them.

And [here](https://gist.github.com/f8535907961e7445ceb7d6415f9663d9) is a full list of the apps I have inside my `/Applications` folder.

## Nice OSS macOS Swift/ObjC apps

- [Pine](https://github.com/lukakerr/Pine) - Modern, native macOS markdown editor.
- [Twig](https://github.com/lukakerr/twig/) - Modern macOS markdown editor.
- [Sloth](https://github.com/sveinbjornt/Sloth) - Displays all open files and sockets in use by all running processes on your system.
- [Workbench](https://github.com/mxcl/Workbench) - Seamless, automatic, “dotfile” sync to iCloud.
- [LuLu](https://github.com/objective-see/LuLu) - Free macOS firewall.
- [Conferences.digital](https://github.com/zagahr/Conferences.digital) - Watch the latest and greatest conference videos on your Mac.
- [Gifski](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gifski-app) - Convert videos to high-quality GIFs on your Mac.
- [Sourceful](https://github.com/twostraws/Sourceful) - Native source editor for iOS and macOS.
- [Shifty](https://github.com/thompsonate/Shifty) - MacOS menu bar app that gives you more control over Night Shift.
- [Seashore](https://github.com/robaho/seashore) - Easy to use mac osx image editing application, gimp light.
- [Linked Ideas](https://github.com/fespinoza/LinkedIdeas) - MacOS/iOS apps to treat ideas as links of concepts.
- [HotKey](https://github.com/soffes/HotKey) - Simple global shortcuts in macOS.
- [Latest](https://github.com/mangerlahn/Latest) - Small utility app for macOS that makes sure you know about all the latest updates to the apps you use.
- [Hidden Bar](https://github.com/dwarvesf/hidden) - Ultra-light MacOS utility that helps hide menu bar icons. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21794858))
- [NetNewsWire](https://github.com/Ranchero-Software/NetNewsWire) - RSS reader for macOS and iOS.
- [macos-key-cast](https://github.com/karaggeorge/macos-key-cast) - Log keys pressed on macOS. Useful for screen recordings and presentations.
- [Rectangle](https://github.com/rxhanson/Rectangle) - Move and resize windows on macOS with keyboard shortcuts and snap areas.
- [Plash](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Plash) - Make any website your Mac desktop wallpaper.
- [Swindler](https://github.com/tmandry/Swindler) - Swift window management library for macOS.
- [Lunar](https://github.com/alin23/Lunar) - Intelligent adaptive brightness for your external display.
- [Tinkle](https://github.com/pqrs-org/Tinkle/) - Appends a visual effect for the focused window changes.
- [Maccy](https://github.com/p0deje/Maccy) - Lightweight clipboard manager for macOS.
- [Pasteboard Viewer](https://github.com/sindresorhus/Pasteboard-Viewer) - Inspect the system pasteboards on macOS.
- [Vimac](https://github.com/dexterleng/vimac) - Vimium for macOS.
- [LinkLiar](https://github.com/halo/LinkLiar) - Link-Layer MAC spoofing GUI for macOS.
- [Crescendo](https://github.com/SuprHackerSteve/Crescendo) - Swift based, real time event viewer for macOS. It utilizes Apple's Endpoint Security Framework.
- [Blurred](https://github.com/dwarvesf/Blurred) - macOS utility that helps reduce distraction by dimming your inactive noise.
- [HackerNews.app](https://github.com/pcr910303/HackerNews) - HN macOS app based on official API.
- [BluetoothConnector](https://github.com/lapfelix/BluetoothConnector) - Simple macOS CLI to connect/disconnect a Bluetooth device. Useful for AirPods or other Bluetooth headphones.
- [Universal Tip](https://github.com/tanin47/tip) - Programmable tooltip that can be used with any macOS app.
- [NWPusher](https://github.com/noodlewerk/NWPusher) - macOS and iOS application and framework to play with the Apple Push Notification service.
- [MacCacheCleaner](https://github.com/kaunteya/MacCacheCleaner)
- [Timer App](https://github.com/Zeqiang-Lai/Timer-APP) - Simple Stopwatch App for macOS.
- [Cameo](https://github.com/lvsti/Cameo) - Small utility based on CMIOKit to explore installed CMIO DAL plugins and their properties.
- [Pock](https://github.com/pigigaldi/Pock) - Display macOS Dock in Touch Bar.
- [Akku](https://github.com/jariz/Akku) - Missing macOS bluetooth headset battery indicator app.
- [SubEthaEdit](https://github.com/subethaedit/SubEthaEdit) - General purpose plain-text editor for macOS. Widely known for its live collaboration feature. ([Web](https://subethaedit.net/)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23199805))
- [RegEx+](https://github.com/lexrus/RegExPlus) - Nifty RegEx test tool built with SwiftUI.
- [Glance](https://github.com/samuelmeuli/glance) - Provides Quick Look previews for files that macOS doesn't support out of the box.
- [MonitorControl](https://github.com/the0neyouseek/MonitorControl) - Control your external monitor brightness & volume on your Mac.
- [Up Next](https://ellen.li/up-next/) - Meetings at a glance from your macOS menu bar.
- [Multi](https://github.com/hkgumbs/multi) - Create a custom, lightweight macOS app from a group of websites. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23275080))
- [Face Data](https://github.com/xiaohk/FaceData) - macOS application used to auto-annotate landmarks from a video.

## Other interesting apps

- [Finicky](https://github.com/johnste/finicky) - MacOS app for customizing which browser to start.
- [OpenQuickly](https://github.com/lukakerr/OpenQuickly) - Custom 'open quickly' window that imitates macOS' Spotlight.
- [Flotato](https://flotato.com/) - Turn any web page into a Mac app.
- [Autumn](https://github.com/apandhi/Autumn) - MacOS window manager built for JavaScript hackers.
- [Zappy](https://zapier.com/zappy) - Screen capture tool. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22815227))
- [BlockBlock](https://github.com/objective-see/BlockBlock) - Provides continual protection by monitoring persistence locations.

## Links

- [Awesome macOS apps](https://github.com/learn-anything/macos-apps#readme)
- [Open Source macOS apps](https://github.com/serhii-londar/open-source-mac-os-apps#readme)
- [Hyperlink and Deep Linking URLs](https://www.evernote.com/shard/s107/sh/c1c6cfa0-7558-4b17-84a0-6c7f6dce2a85/285e49afa8b122d9)
- [Ship app open source code](https://www.realartists.com/blog/ship-is-open-source.html) - Amazing GitHub native client that was closed down.
- [Collection of open and indie Mac, iOS, and web apps that help promote the open web](https://macopenweb.com/)
- [Dashing](https://github.com/technosophos/dashing) - Generate Dash documentation from HTML.
- [yabai](https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai) - Tiling window manager for macOS based on binary space partitioning.
- [3 Advanced Workflows for "Things" Power User](https://fabriziorinaldi.io/blog/things-advanced-workflows)
- [Apps & services (Russian)](https://www.notion.so/54e01db500f24267afcf528cc02284a6)
