text-editors/vs-code/vs-code-extensions.md, before:

# [VS Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode) extensions

Below is a list of extensions I use.

## Utility

- [Vim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim) - Vim emulation.
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) - Format your JavaScript / TypeScript / CSS using [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
- [Code Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner) - Run code snippet or code file for multiple languages.
- [File Utils](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sleistner.vscode-fileutils) - Convenient way of creating, duplicating, moving, renaming and deleting files and directories.
- [WakaTime](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WakaTime.vscode-wakatime) - Automatic time tracking and metrics generated from your programming activity.
- [Remote Development](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack) - Allows you to open any folder in a container, on a remote machine.

## Go

- [Go](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go) - Rich language support for the Go language.

## TS/JS

- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) - Integrates [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) into VS Code.
- [Version Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pflannery.vscode-versionlens) - Shows the latest version for each package using code lens.
- [React Native](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.vscode-react-native) - Debugging and integrated commands for React Native. ([Code](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native))
- [Flow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gcazaciuc.vscode-flow-ide) - Flow support.

## Python

- [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python) - Rich support for the Python language.

## Rust

- [Rust Analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer) - Experimental Rust compiler front-end for IDEs.
- [Crates](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=serayuzgur.crates) - Helps Rust developers managing dependencies with Cargo.toml. Only works with dependencies from crates.io.
- [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) - Native debugger based on LLDB.

## C/C++

- [CPP tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools) - C/C++ IntelliSense, debugging, and code browsing.

## Git

- [GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens) - Visualize code authorship at a glance via Git blame annotations and code lens.
- [GitHub Pull Requests](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.vscode-pull-request-github) - Review and manage your GitHub pull requests directly in VS Code.

## HTML

- [Highlight Matching Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vincaslt.highlight-matching-tag) - Highlights matching closing or opening tag.

## Deploy

- [Kubernetes](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools) - Develop, deploy and debug Kubernetes applications.
- [Docker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PeterJausovec.vscode-docker) - Easily build and deploy containerized applications from VS Code.

## Nix

- [Nix language support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bbenoist.Nix)

## Protocol buffers

- [Protobuf 3 support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=zxh404.vscode-proto3)

## TOML

- [Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bungcip.better-toml)

## Theme

- [Monokai Night](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-monokai-night)

## Interesting (not using)

## Utility

- [Live Share](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare) - Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.
- [CodeSandbox](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yesmeck.codesandbox) - Bring CodeSandbox into your favorite editor.
- [Rewrap](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stkb.rewrap) - Re-wraps comments and other text to a given line length.
- [GistPad](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vsls-contrib.gistfs) - Browse, edit and fork GitHub Gists, directly within Visual Studio Code.
- [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) - Improve your code commenting by annotating with alert, informational, TODOs, and more.
- [Control Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svipas.control-snippets) - Disable or enable VS Code's built-in snippets and manually installed snippets from extensions.
- [Syncing](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nonoroazoro.syncing) - Synchronize all of your VSCode settings across multiple devices.
- [Dash](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=deerawan.vscode-dash) - Dash documentation integration.
- [RelativePath](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jakob101.RelativePath) - Get relative URL paths from files in the current workspace.
- [Debug Visualizer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.debug-visualizer) - Visualizes values while debugging. ([Code](https://github.com/hediet/vscode-debug-visualizer))
- [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense) - Autocomplete filenames.
- [REST Client Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) - Allows you to send HTTP request and view the response in VS Code directly.
- [Browser Preview](https://github.com/auchenberg/vscode-browser-preview) - Real browser preview inside your editor that you can debug.
- [Bump](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-bump) - Bump your project's version and update the changelog. Opinionated but configurable.
- [Polacode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pnp.polacode) - Polaroid for your code.
- [Advanced New File](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dkundel.vscode-new-file) - Create new files quickly.
- [Calculate](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=acarreiro.calculate) - Evaluate math expressions.
- [Code Outline](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline) - Display code outline tree in the explorer pane.
- [Empty indent](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DmitryDorofeev.empty-indent) - Remove indent of empty lines on save.
- [Endwise](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kaiwood.endwise) - Wisely add "end" in Ruby.
- [NPM scripts](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-npm-scripts) - Run npm-scripts and validate package.json files.
- [Shell](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bbenoist.Shell) - Execute shell commands from VS Code.
- [SVG Viewer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cssho.vscode-svgviewer)
- [FTP Simple](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humy2833.ftp-simple) - Simple FTP/SFTP.
- [Regex Previewer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chrmarti.regex) - Shows the current regular expression's matches in a side-by-side document.
- [Import cost](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wix.vscode-import-cost) - Displays the import size of the package you are importing inside the code editor.
- [Custom CSS and JS Loader](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=be5invis.vscode-custom-css)
- [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow) - Makes indentation easier to read.
- [Change case](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wmaurer.change-case) - Quickly change the case (camelCase, CONSTANT_CASE, snake_case, etc) of the current selection or current word.
- [Terminal tabs](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.terminal-tabs) - Adds tabs for each terminal process to the status bar.
- [File Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=file-icons.file-icons) - File specific icons for improved visual grepping.
- [TODO Highlight](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wayou.vscode-todo-highlight) - Highlight TODO, FIXME and other annotations within your code.
- [EditorConfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) - EditorConfig Support.
- [Sort Lines](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.sort-lines) - Sorts lines of text.
- [map-replace.js](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Yukai.map-replace-js) - Replace multi-selection text with custom JavaScript function.
- [Unique Lines](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bibhasdn.unique-lines) - Keep unique lines of text and remove duplicates from current selection.
- [Custom CSS and JS Loader](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=be5invis.vscode-custom-css)
- [gitignore](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=codezombiech.gitignore) - Language support for .gitignore files.
- [vscode-cli](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pkosta2006.vscode-cli) - Execute vscode command from vscode command prompt.
- [Graphviz Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EFanZh.graphviz-preview) - Preview Graphviz (DOT) files.
- [Twitch Highlighter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=clarkio.twitch-highlighter) - Twitch Line Highlighter.
- [Clever VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davidbabel.Clever) - Add many productivity usefull commands to vscode.
- [Apollo GraphQL](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=apollographql.vscode-apollo) - Rich editor support for GraphQL client and server development that seamlessly integrates with the Apollo platform.
- [Bookmarks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.Bookmarks) - Mark lines in the editor and easily jump to them.
- [TODO+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus) - Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.
- [VS Code Neovim Integration](https://github.com/asvetliakov/vscode-neovim)

## Shell

- [ShellCheck](https://github.com/timonwong/vscode-shellcheck) - ShellCheck linter for VSCode.

## GraphQL

- [GraphQuill](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sproutdeveloping.graphquill) - Performs GraphQL API endpoint testing within the VS Code environment.

## Lisp

- [Parinfer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shaunlebron.vscode-parinfer) - Simplify the way you write Lisp.

## Python

- [Neuron](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=neuron.neuron-IPE) - Interactive Programming Experience for Data Scientists. ([Code](https://github.com/neuron-team/vscode-ipe))

## Git

- [GitHub](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KnisterPeter.vscode-github) - Integrates GitHub and its workflows into VSCode.
- [Git History](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.githistory) - Git History, Search and More.
- [Open in GitHub](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ziyasal.vscode-open-in-github) - Jump to a source code line in GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab.

## TS/JS

- [Deoptigate](https://github.com/rbuckton/deoptigate-vscode) - Visualize deoptimizations in your JavaScript and TypeScript code running in V8 (i.e. NodeJS, Chrome, etc.).
- [Search node_modules](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jasonnutter.search-node-modules) - Quickly search the node_modules folder.
- [TSLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-typescript-tslint-plugin) - Supports [TSLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/).
- [Debugger for Chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome) - Debug your JavaScript code running in Google Chrome from VS Code.
- [JavaScript Snippet Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=akamud.vscode-javascript-snippet-pack)
- [Yarn](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gamunu.vscode-yarn) - Manage yarn commands.
- [Quokka](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WallabyJs.quokka-vscode) - Live Scratchpad for JavaScript.
- [NPM Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense) - Autocomplete npm modules in import statements.
- [js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug) - Upcoming VS Code JavaScript debugger.

## React

- [Glean](https://github.com/wix/vscode-glean) - Extension provides refactoring tools for your React codebase.

## Svelte

- [Svelte](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JamesBirtles.svelte-vscode&ref=madewithsvelte.com)

## Java

- [Java Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack)

## R

- [R](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ikuyadeu.r) - Support for R language(run,snippet, lint,R documentation,R Markdown).

## CSS

- [Stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shinnn.stylelint) - Lint CSS/SCSS/Less with [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/).
- [Color Info](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.color-info) - Provides quick information CSS colors.
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)

## ReasonML

- [Reason Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaredly.reason-vscode) - IDE & Syntax support for Reason/OCaml.
- [OCaml and Reason IDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freebroccolo.reasonml) - OCaml and Reason language support.

## Markdown

- [Markdown Preview GitHub Styling](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles) - Changes VS Code's built-in markdown preview to match GitHub's style.
- [Markdown](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one) - Keyboard shortcuts, table of contents, auto preview and more.

## HTML

- [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag) - Automatically rename paired HTML/XML tag.

## Haskell

- [Simple Haskell support using only GHCi](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dramforever.vscode-ghc-simple)
- [Haskell Language Server Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alanz.vscode-hie-server) - Client interface to the Language Server Protocol server for Haskell, as provided by the Haskell IDE Engine.
- [Haskell Language](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justusadam.language-haskell) - Adds highlighting support for Haskell.

## Clojure

- [Calva](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cospaia.clojure4vscode) - Integrated REPL, linting, inline eval and more for VSCode. Powered by Cider & nRepl.

## Ruby

- [Ruby](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rebornix.Ruby) - Provides Ruby language and debugging support.

## Rust

- [Rust](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust) - Adds language support for Rust.

## Lua

- [Lua](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=trixnz.vscode-lua) - Provides Intellisense and Linting for Lua.

## Elm

- [Elm](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Elmtooling.elm-ls-vscode) - Improving your Elm experience since 2019.

## Elixir

- [ElixirLS](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JakeBecker.elixir-ls) - Elixir support and debugger.

## Julia

- [Julia](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=julialang.language-julia) - Julia Language Support.

## Deno

- [Deno](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ameerthehacker.deno-vscode) - Enhance development experience for Deno.

## Bash

- [Bash IDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mads-hartmann.bash-ide-vscode) - Language server for Bash.

## Deno

- [Deno](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justjavac.vscode-deno) - Adds Deno support for VS Code using the TypeScript Deno language service plugin.

## LaTeX

- [LaTeX Workshop](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop) - Provide all-in-one features and utilities for LaTeX typesetting.

## Lean

- [Lean for VS Code](https://github.com/leanprover/vscode-lean) - Adds support for Lean.

## Coq

- [VSCoq](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=maximedenes.vscoq) ([Code](https://github.com/coq-community/vscoq))

## TLA

- [TLA+ language support](https://github.com/alygin/vscode-tlaplus)

## OCaml

- [vscode-ocaml-platform](https://github.com/ocamllabs/vscode-ocaml-platform)

## SQL

- [SQLite](https://github.com/AlexCovizzi/vscode-sqlite) - VSCode extension to explore and query SQLite databases.

## Nix

- [Nix Environment Selector](https://github.com/arrterian/nix-env-selector) - Allows you switch environment for Visual Studio Code and extensions based on .nix config files.

## Erlang

- [Erlang](https://github.com/erlang-ls/vscode) - Uses Erlang LSP.

## AppleScript

- [AppleScript](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=idleberg.applescript) - Language syntax, snippets and build system for AppleScript and JavaScript for Automation.

## Racket

- [Magic Racket](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=evzen-wybitul.magic-racket) - Top notch syntax highlighting for Racket.

## Themes

- [Subliminal](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gaearon.subliminal)
- [Alabaster](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tonsky.theme-alabaster)
- [Monokai Pro](https://www.monokai.pro/vscode/)

## Notes

- In [Go plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go) `ife` snippet will create an error catching block.

## Links

- [VS Code API](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/extensionAPI/vscode-api)
- [Extensibility Reference](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensionAPI/overview)
- [VS Code can do that?](https://vscodecandothat.com/)
- [Awesome VS Code](https://github.com/viatsko/awesome-vscode#readme)
- [Why I wrote 33 VSCode extensions and how I manage them](https://medium.com/@fabiospampinato/why-i-wrote-33-vscode-extensions-and-how-i-manage-them-cb61df05e154)
- [vsce](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-vsce) - VS Code Extension Manager.
- [Lobsters: What's your VS Code setup like? (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/devg9x/what_s_your_vs_code_setup_like)
- [vscode-private-extension](https://github.com/tekezo/vscode-private-extension)
- [Hot Reload for VS Code Extension Development (2029)](https://blog.hediet.de/post/hot_reload_for_vs_code_extension_development)

Commit message:

SUMMARY serverless-computing svg algorithms data-structures formal-verification databases design-systems distributed-systems learning hardware qmk machine-learning file-sharing kubernetes go babel js-libraries react-native redux racket programming-languages rust scala hashing programming blogs vs-code-extensions tools web-accessibility web remote-work

text-editors/vs-code/vs-code-extensions.md, after:

# [VS Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode) extensions

Below is a list of extensions I use.

## Utility

- [Vim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim) - Vim emulation.
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) - Format your JavaScript / TypeScript / CSS using [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
- [Code Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner) - Run code snippet or code file for multiple languages.
- [File Utils](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sleistner.vscode-fileutils) - Convenient way of creating, duplicating, moving, renaming and deleting files and directories.
- [WakaTime](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WakaTime.vscode-wakatime) - Automatic time tracking and metrics generated from your programming activity.
- [Remote Development](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack) - Allows you to open any folder in a container, on a remote machine.

## Go

- [Go](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go) - Rich language support for the Go language.

## JS/TS

- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) - Integrates [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) into VS Code.
- [Version Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pflannery.vscode-versionlens) - Shows the latest version for each package using code lens.
- [React Native](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.vscode-react-native) - Debugging and integrated commands for React Native. ([Code](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native))
- [Flow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gcazaciuc.vscode-flow-ide) - Flow support.

## Python

- [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python) - Rich support for the Python language.

## Rust

- [Rust Analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer) - Experimental Rust compiler front-end for IDEs.
- [Crates](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=serayuzgur.crates) - Helps Rust developers managing dependencies with Cargo.toml. Only works with dependencies from crates.io.
- [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) - Native debugger based on LLDB.

## C/C++

- [CPP tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools) - C/C++ IntelliSense, debugging, and code browsing.

## Git

- [GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens) - Visualize code authorship at a glance via Git blame annotations and code lens.
- [GitHub Pull Requests](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.vscode-pull-request-github) - Review and manage your GitHub pull requests directly in VS Code.

## HTML

- [Highlight Matching Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vincaslt.highlight-matching-tag) - Highlights matching closing or opening tag.

## Deploy

- [Kubernetes](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools) - Develop, deploy and debug Kubernetes applications.
- [Docker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PeterJausovec.vscode-docker) - Easily build and deploy containerized applications from VS Code.

## Nix

- [Nix language support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bbenoist.Nix)

## Protocol buffers

- [Protobuf 3 support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=zxh404.vscode-proto3)

## TOML

- [Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bungcip.better-toml)

## Theme

- [Monokai Night](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-monokai-night)

## Interesting (not using)

## Utility

- [Live Share](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare) - Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.
- [CodeSandbox](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yesmeck.codesandbox) - Bring CodeSandbox into your favorite editor.
- [Rewrap](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stkb.rewrap) - Re-wraps comments and other text to a given line length.
- [GistPad](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vsls-contrib.gistfs) - Browse, edit and fork GitHub Gists, directly within Visual Studio Code.
- [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) - Improve your code commenting by annotating with alert, informational, TODOs, and more.
- [Control Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svipas.control-snippets) - Disable or enable VS Code's built-in snippets and manually installed snippets from extensions.
- [Syncing](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nonoroazoro.syncing) - Synchronize all of your VSCode settings across multiple devices.
- [Dash](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=deerawan.vscode-dash) - Dash documentation integration.
- [RelativePath](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jakob101.RelativePath) - Get relative URL paths from files in the current workspace.
- [Debug Visualizer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.debug-visualizer) - Visualizes values while debugging. ([Code](https://github.com/hediet/vscode-debug-visualizer))
- [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense) - Autocomplete filenames.
- [REST Client Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) - Allows you to send HTTP request and view the response in VS Code directly.
- [Browser Preview](https://github.com/auchenberg/vscode-browser-preview) - Real browser preview inside your editor that you can debug.
- [Bump](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-bump) - Bump your project's version and update the changelog. Opinionated but configurable.
- [Polacode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pnp.polacode) - Polaroid for your code.
- [Advanced New File](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dkundel.vscode-new-file) - Create new files quickly.
- [Calculate](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=acarreiro.calculate) - Evaluate math expressions.
- [Code Outline](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=patrys.vscode-code-outline) - Display code outline tree in the explorer pane.
- [Empty indent](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DmitryDorofeev.empty-indent) - Remove indent of empty lines on save.
- [Endwise](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kaiwood.endwise) - Wisely add "end" in Ruby.
- [NPM scripts](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-npm-scripts) - Run npm-scripts and validate package.json files.
- [Shell](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bbenoist.Shell) - Execute shell commands from VS Code.
- [SVG Viewer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cssho.vscode-svgviewer)
- [FTP Simple](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humy2833.ftp-simple) - Simple FTP/SFTP.
- [Regex Previewer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chrmarti.regex) - Shows the current regular expression's matches in a side-by-side document.
- [Import cost](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wix.vscode-import-cost) - Displays the import size of the package you are importing inside the code editor.
- [Custom CSS and JS Loader](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=be5invis.vscode-custom-css)
- [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow) - Makes indentation easier to read.
- [Change case](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wmaurer.change-case) - Quickly change the case (camelCase, CONSTANT_CASE, snake_case, etc) of the current selection or current word.
- [Terminal tabs](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.terminal-tabs) - Adds tabs for each terminal process to the status bar.
- [File Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=file-icons.file-icons) - File specific icons for improved visual grepping.
- [TODO Highlight](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wayou.vscode-todo-highlight) - Highlight TODO, FIXME and other annotations within your code.
- [EditorConfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) - EditorConfig Support.
- [Sort Lines](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.sort-lines) - Sorts lines of text.
- [map-replace.js](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Yukai.map-replace-js) - Replace multi-selection text with custom JavaScript function.
- [Unique Lines](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bibhasdn.unique-lines) - Keep unique lines of text and remove duplicates from current selection.
- [Custom CSS and JS Loader](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=be5invis.vscode-custom-css)
- [gitignore](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=codezombiech.gitignore) - Language support for .gitignore files.
- [vscode-cli](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pkosta2006.vscode-cli) - Execute vscode command from vscode command prompt.
- [Graphviz Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EFanZh.graphviz-preview) - Preview Graphviz (DOT) files.
- [Twitch Highlighter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=clarkio.twitch-highlighter) - Twitch Line Highlighter.
- [Clever VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davidbabel.Clever) - Add many productivity usefull commands to vscode.
- [Apollo GraphQL](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=apollographql.vscode-apollo) - Rich editor support for GraphQL client and server development that seamlessly integrates with the Apollo platform.
- [Bookmarks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.Bookmarks) - Mark lines in the editor and easily jump to them.
- [TODO+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus) - Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.
- [VS Code Neovim Integration](https://github.com/asvetliakov/vscode-neovim)

## Shell

- [ShellCheck](https://github.com/timonwong/vscode-shellcheck) - ShellCheck linter for VSCode.

## GraphQL

- [GraphQuill](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sproutdeveloping.graphquill) - Performs GraphQL API endpoint testing within the VS Code environment.

## Lisp

- [Parinfer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shaunlebron.vscode-parinfer) - Simplify the way you write Lisp.

## Python

- [Neuron](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=neuron.neuron-IPE) - Interactive Programming Experience for Data Scientists. ([Code](https://github.com/neuron-team/vscode-ipe))

## Git

- [GitHub](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KnisterPeter.vscode-github) - Integrates GitHub and its workflows into VSCode.
- [Git History](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.githistory) - Git History, Search and More.
- [Open in GitHub](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ziyasal.vscode-open-in-github) - Jump to a source code line in GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab.

## JS/TS

- [Deoptigate](https://github.com/rbuckton/deoptigate-vscode) - Visualize deoptimizations in your JavaScript and TypeScript code running in V8 (i.e. NodeJS, Chrome, etc.).
- [Search node_modules](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jasonnutter.search-node-modules) - Quickly search the node_modules folder.
- [TSLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-typescript-tslint-plugin) - Supports [TSLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/).
- [Debugger for Chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome) - Debug your JavaScript code running in Google Chrome from VS Code.
- [JavaScript Snippet Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=akamud.vscode-javascript-snippet-pack)
- [Yarn](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gamunu.vscode-yarn) - Manage yarn commands.
- [Quokka](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WallabyJs.quokka-vscode) - Live Scratchpad for JavaScript.
- [NPM Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense) - Autocomplete npm modules in import statements.
- [js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug) - Upcoming VS Code JavaScript debugger.
- [VS Code Folder Source Actions](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-folder-source-actions) - Adds a context menu that allows you to apply VS Code's organize imports code action to all files in a folder.

## React

- [Glean](https://github.com/wix/vscode-glean) - Extension provides refactoring tools for your React codebase.

## Svelte

- [Svelte](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JamesBirtles.svelte-vscode&ref=madewithsvelte.com)

## Java

- [Java Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack)

## R

- [R](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ikuyadeu.r) - Support for R language(run,snippet, lint,R documentation,R Markdown).

## CSS

- [Stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shinnn.stylelint) - Lint CSS/SCSS/Less with [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/).
- [Color Info](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.color-info) - Provides quick information CSS colors.
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)

## ReasonML

- [Reason Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaredly.reason-vscode) - IDE & Syntax support for Reason/OCaml.
- [OCaml and Reason IDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freebroccolo.reasonml) - OCaml and Reason language support.

## Markdown

- [Markdown Preview GitHub Styling](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles) - Changes VS Code's built-in markdown preview to match GitHub's style.
- [Markdown](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one) - Keyboard shortcuts, table of contents, auto preview and more.

## HTML

- [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag) - Automatically rename paired HTML/XML tag.

## Haskell

- [Simple Haskell support using only GHCi](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dramforever.vscode-ghc-simple)
- [Haskell Language Server Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alanz.vscode-hie-server) - Client interface to the Language Server Protocol server for Haskell, as provided by the Haskell IDE Engine.
- [Haskell Language](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justusadam.language-haskell) - Adds highlighting support for Haskell.

## Clojure

- [Calva](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cospaia.clojure4vscode) - Integrated REPL, linting, inline eval and more for VSCode. Powered by Cider & nRepl.

## Ruby

- [Ruby](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rebornix.Ruby) - Provides Ruby language and debugging support.

## Rust

- [Rust](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust) - Adds language support for Rust.

## Lua

- [Lua](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=trixnz.vscode-lua) - Provides Intellisense and Linting for Lua.

## Elm

- [Elm](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Elmtooling.elm-ls-vscode) - Improving your Elm experience since 2019.

## Elixir

- [ElixirLS](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JakeBecker.elixir-ls) - Elixir support and debugger.

## Julia

- [Julia](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=julialang.language-julia) - Julia Language Support.

## Deno

- [Deno](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ameerthehacker.deno-vscode) - Enhance development experience for Deno.

## Bash

- [Bash IDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mads-hartmann.bash-ide-vscode) - Language server for Bash.

## Deno

- [Deno](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justjavac.vscode-deno) - Adds Deno support for VS Code using the TypeScript Deno language service plugin.

## LaTeX

- [LaTeX Workshop](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop) - Provide all-in-one features and utilities for LaTeX typesetting.

## Lean

- [Lean for VS Code](https://github.com/leanprover/vscode-lean) - Adds support for Lean.

## Coq

- [VSCoq](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=maximedenes.vscoq) ([Code](https://github.com/coq-community/vscoq))

## TLA

- [TLA+ language support](https://github.com/alygin/vscode-tlaplus)

## OCaml

- [vscode-ocaml-platform](https://github.com/ocamllabs/vscode-ocaml-platform)

## SQL

- [SQLite](https://github.com/AlexCovizzi/vscode-sqlite) - VSCode extension to explore and query SQLite databases.

## Nix

- [Nix Environment Selector](https://github.com/arrterian/nix-env-selector) - Allows you switch environment for Visual Studio Code and extensions based on .nix config files.

## Erlang

- [Erlang](https://github.com/erlang-ls/vscode) - Uses Erlang LSP.

## AppleScript

- [AppleScript](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=idleberg.applescript) - Language syntax, snippets and build system for AppleScript and JavaScript for Automation.

## Racket

- [Magic Racket](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=evzen-wybitul.magic-racket) - Top notch syntax highlighting for Racket.

## Themes

- [Subliminal](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gaearon.subliminal)
- [Alabaster](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tonsky.theme-alabaster)
- [Monokai Pro](https://www.monokai.pro/vscode/)

## Notes

- In [Go plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go) `ife` snippet will create an error catching block.

## Links

- [VS Code API](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/extensionAPI/vscode-api)
- [Extensibility Reference](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensionAPI/overview)
- [VS Code can do that?](https://vscodecandothat.com/)
- [Awesome VS Code](https://github.com/viatsko/awesome-vscode#readme)
- [Why I wrote 33 VSCode extensions and how I manage them](https://medium.com/@fabiospampinato/why-i-wrote-33-vscode-extensions-and-how-i-manage-them-cb61df05e154)
- [vsce](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-vsce) - VS Code Extension Manager.
- [Lobsters: What's your VS Code setup like? (2019)](https://lobste.rs/s/devg9x/what_s_your_vs_code_setup_like)
- [vscode-private-extension](https://github.com/tekezo/vscode-private-extension)
- [Hot Reload for VS Code Extension Development (2029)](https://blog.hediet.de/post/hot_reload_for_vs_code_extension_development)
