databases/databases.md, before:

# Databases

## Interesting

- [Mentat](https://github.com/mozilla/mentat) - Persistent, relational store inspired by Datomic and DataScript.
- [RocksDB](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) - Persistent Key-Value Store for Flash and RAM Storage.
- [goleveldb](https://github.com/syndtr/goleveldb) - LevelDB key/value database in Go.
- [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb) - Distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol.
- [tikv](https://github.com/tikv/tikv) - Distributed transactional key-value database, originally created to complement TiDB.
  - [pd](https://github.com/pingcap/pd) - Placement driver for TiKV.
- [Noria](https://github.com/mit-pdos/noria) - Dynamically changing, partially-stateful data-flow for web application backends.
- [RethinkDB](https://www.rethinkdb.com/) - Pushes JSON to your apps in realtime.
- [RedixDB](https://github.com/alash3al/redix) - Persistent real-time key-value store, with the same redis protocol with powerful features.
- [AresDB](https://github.com/uber/aresdb) - GPU-powered real-time analytics storage and query engine.
- [Sophia](https://github.com/pmwkaa/sophia) - Modern transactional key-value/row storage library.
- [Bolt](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt) - Embedded key/value database for Go.
- [InfluxDB](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb) - Scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics. ([Web](https://www.influxdata.com/))
- [EdgeDB](https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb) - Open-source object-relational database built on top of PostgreSQL.
- [Cassandra](https://github.com/apache/cassandra) - Highly-scalable partitioned row store. Rows are organized into tables with a required primary key.
- [Scylla](https://www.scylladb.com/) - Drop-in Apache Cassandra alternative big data database that powers your applications with ultra-low latency and extremely high throughput, while reducing TCO to a fraction of most NoSQL databases. [OSS](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla).
- [JanusGraph](https://github.com/JanusGraph/janusgraph) - Open-source, distributed graph database.
- [LevelDB](https://github.com/google/leveldb) - Fast key-value storage library written at Google that provides an ordered mapping from string keys to string values.
- [DuckDB](https://github.com/cwida/duckdb) - Embeddable SQL OLAP Database Management System.
- [sled](https://github.com/spacejam/sled) - Modern embedded database.
- [Genji](https://github.com/asdine/genji) - Multi engine embedded database.
- [Atlas](https://github.com/Netflix/atlas) - In-memory dimensional time series database.
- [Pebble](https://github.com/petermattis/pebble) - RocksDB/LevelDB inspired key-value database in Go.
- [LogDevice](https://github.com/facebookincubator/LogDevice) - Distributed storage for sequential data.
- [SQLite](https://github.com/sqlite/sqlite) - C-language library that implements a small, fast, self-contained, high-reliability, full-featured, SQL database engine.
- [better-sqlite3](https://github.com/JoshuaWise/better-sqlite3) - Fastest and simplest library for SQLite3 in NodeJS.
- [rqlite](https://github.com/rqlite/rqlite) - Lightweight, distributed relational database built on SQLite.
- [gStore](https://github.com/pkumod/gStore) - Graph database engine for managing large graph-structured data.
- [MongoDB](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo) - General purpose, document-based, distributed database built for modern application developers.
- [Ardb](https://github.com/yinqiwen/ardb) - High Performance Persistent NoSql, Full Redis-Protocol Compatibility.
- [datahikeai](https://github.com/replikativ/datahike) - Durable datalog implementation adaptable for distribution.
- [Yugabyte DB](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db) - High-performance distributed SQL database for global, internet-scale apps.
- [JuliaDB](https://github.com/JuliaComputing/JuliaDB.jl) - Parallel analytical database in pure Julia.
- [Delta Lake](https://github.com/delta-io/delta) - Storage layer that brings scalable, ACID transactions to Apache Spark and other big-data engines.
- [M3](https://github.com/m3db/m3) - Distributed TSDB, Aggregator and Query Engine, Prometheus Sidecar, Graphite Compatible, Metrics Platform.
- [WatermelonDB](https://github.com/Nozbe/WatermelonDB) - Reactive & asynchronous database for powerful React and React Native apps.
- [Neo4j](https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j) - High performance graph store with all the features expected of a mature and robust database, like a friendly query language and ACID transactions.
- [Dgraph](https://github.com/dgraph-io/dgraph) - Horizontally scalable and distributed graph database, providing ACID transactions, consistent replication and linearizable reads.
- [MeiliDB](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB) - Full-text search database based on the fast LMDB key-value store.
- [CrateDB](https://github.com/crate/crate) - Distributed SQL database that makes it simple to store and analyze massive amounts of machine data in real-time.
- [Riak](https://github.com/basho/riak) - Distributed, decentralized data storage system.
- [CockroachDB](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach) - Open source, cloud-native SQL database.
- [ActorDB](https://github.com/biokoda/actordb) - Distributed SQL database.
- [ksqlDB](https://ksqldb.io/) - Event streaming database purpose-built for stream processing applications. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21589670)) ([Code](https://github.com/confluentinc/ksql))
- [OmniSciDB](https://github.com/omnisci/omniscidb) - Open source SQL-based, relational, columnar database engine that leverages the full performance and parallelism of modern hardware.
- [Sonnerie](https://github.com/njaard/sonnerie) - Simple timeseries database.
- [Boa](https://github.com/jasonwilliams/boa) - Embeddable and experimental Javascript engine written in Rust.
- [SQLite compiled to JavaScript](https://github.com/kripken/sql.js)
- [Dolt](https://github.com/liquidata-inc/dolt) - Relational database, i.e. it has tables, and you can execute SQL queries against those tables. It also has version control primitives that operate at the level of table cell.
- [Crux](https://github.com/juxt/crux) - Open source document database with bitemporal graph queries. ([Website](https://opencrux.com/)) ([Article](https://jorin.me/crux-as-general-purpose-database/))
- [LokiJS](https://github.com/techfort/LokiJS) - Document oriented database written in JavaScript.
- [terrier](https://github.com/cmu-db/terrier) - Carnegie Mellon's new database system project that is replacing [Peloton](https://github.com/cmu-db/peloton).
- [Nebula Graph](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula) - Open-source graph database capable of hosting super large scale graphs with dozens of billions of vertices (nodes) and trillions of edges, with milliseconds of latency. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22051271))
- [SeaTable](https://seatable.io/) - Online lightweight database with a spreadsheet interface. ([Code](https://github.com/seatable/seatable))
- [Ceph](https://github.com/ceph/ceph) - Distributed object, block, and file storage platform.
- [Vitess](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess) - Database clustering system for horizontal scaling of MySQL through generalized sharding.
- [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) - High performance object storage server compatible with Amazon S3 APIs.
- [Memory-Efficient Search Trees for Database Management Systems (2020)](http://reports-archive.adm.cs.cmu.edu/anon/2020/CMU-CS-20-101.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22543125))
- [ShareDB](https://github.com/share/sharedb) - Realtime database backend based on Operational Transformation (OT).
- [Irmin](https://irmin.org/) - Distributed database built on the same principles as Git. ([Code](https://github.com/mirage/irmin)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22591949))
- [Noms](https://github.com/attic-labs/noms) - Decentralized database philosophically descendant from the Git version control system.
- [SwayDB](https://github.com/simerplaha/SwayDB) - Fast embeddable persistent and in-memory key-value storage engine that provides storage as simple data structures - Map, Set & Queue.
- [TrailDB](https://github.com/traildb/traildb) - Efficient tool for storing and querying series of events.
- [QuestDB](https://github.com/questdb/questdb) - Relational database with ultimate time-series performance.
- [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus) - Systems and service monitoring system.
- [Akumuli](https://github.com/akumuli/Akumuli) - Time-series database.
- [SSDB](https://github.com/ideawu/ssdb) - Redis compatible NoSQL database stored on disk.
- [minikeyvalue](https://github.com/geohot/minikeyvalue) - Distributed key value store in under 1000 lines.
- [Bedrock](https://github.com/Expensify/Bedrock) - Rock solid distributed database specializing in active/active automatic failover and WAN replication.
- [TerminusDB](https://terminusdb.com/) - Full featured in-memory graph database management system with a rich query language. ([Code](https://github.com/terminusdb/terminus-server)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22867767))
- [WhiteDB](https://github.com/priitj/whitedb) - Lightweight database library operating fully in main memory. Disk is used only for dumping/restoring database and logging.
- [FaunaDB](https://fauna.com/) - Database built for serverless, featuring native GraphQL. ([Awesome](https://github.com/n400/awesome-faunadb#readme))
- [immudb](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb) - Lightweight, high-speed immutable database for systems and applications. Written in Go.
- [NutsDB](https://github.com/xujiajun/nutsdb) - Simple, fast, embeddable, persistent key/value store written in pure Go.
- [remoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io/) - Open protocol for per-user storage on the Web.
- [TimescaleDB](https://www.timescale.com/) - Open-source database built for analyzing time-series data with the power and convenience of SQL.
- [ClickHouse](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse) - Free analytics DBMS for big data.

## Tools

- [Postico](https://eggerapps.at/postico/) - Modern PostgreSQL Client for the Mac.
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.io/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22908224))
- [SQLiteStudio](https://github.com/pawelsalawa/sqlitestudio) - Free, open source, multi-platform SQLite database manager.
- [litecli](https://github.com/dbcli/litecli) - Command-line client for SQLite databases that has auto-completion and syntax highlighting.
- [Beekeeper Studio](https://www.beekeeperstudio.io/) - Query and manage your relational databases.
- [Diwata](https://github.com/ivanceras/diwata) - User-friendly database interface.

## Links

- [Stanford DB course](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/DB/2014/SelfPaced/about)
- [Algebraic Query Language](http://categoricaldata.net/aql.html) - Schemas as categories, DB instances as functors, provable data migration as functor composition.
- [David Nolen: Out of the Tarpit, Revisited (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y1phdZkLw4)
- [syncing-thesis](https://github.com/mirkokiefer/syncing-thesis) - Syncing strategies for mobile apps.
- [Storage Performance Development Kit](https://spdk.io/) - Provides a set of tools and libraries for writing high performance, scalable, user-mode storage applications.
- [Let's Build a Simple Database](https://github.com/cstack/db_tutorial) - Writing a sqlite clone from scratch in C.
- [Readings in Databases](https://github.com/rxin/db-readings#readme) - List of papers essential to understanding databases and building new data systems.
- [Dbmate](https://github.com/amacneil/dbmate) - Lightweight, framework-agnostic database migration tool.
- [Turning the database inside-out with Apache Samza (2015)](https://www.confluent.io/blog/turning-the-database-inside-out-with-apache-samza/)
- [Designing Data Intensive Applications Book](https://dataintensive.net/) - Deep dives into different types of data storage solutions, their history, and how they actually work.
- [Scalable SQL and NoSQL Data Stores](http://www.cattell.net/datastores/Datastores.pdf) - Good paper that helps differentiate similar but different datastores. Really helpful when you're trying to pick a modern data solution.
- ["Transactions: myths, surprises and opportunities" by Martin Kleppmann (2015)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZjhNTM8XU8)
- [Using Apache Arrow, Calcite and Parquet to build a Relational Cache (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMl9Py8o3pk)
- [Apache Arrow](https://github.com/apache/arrow) - Development platform for in-memory analytics. It contains a set of technologies that enable big data systems to process and move data fast.
- [Blazer](https://github.com/ankane/blazer) - Explore your data with SQL. Easily create charts and dashboards, and share them with your team.
- [Moving on from RocksDB to something FASTER - Matthew Brookes (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWNbbkQMtfI)
- [List of software that turns your database into a REST/GraphQL API](https://github.com/dbohdan/automatic-api)
- [What Are Databases? (2019)](https://www.prisma.io/blog/introduction-to-databases-jmt9jwidtc2a)
- [Advanced Database Systems (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSE8ODhjZXja7K1hjZ01UTVDnGQdx5v5U) ([Other courses](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnBsf2rH-K7pn09rb3qvkA/playlists)) ([Web](https://15445.courses.cs.cmu.edu/fall2019/)) ([Code](https://github.com/cmu-db/bustub))
- [Facebook Scuba, MongoDB, CockroachDB (CMU Databases Systems lecture) (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB53N2eIAig)
- [DB](https://github.com/infostreams/db) - Version control for databases: save, restore, and archive snapshots of your database from the command line. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21742222))
- [Why databases use ordered indexes but programming uses hash tables (2019)](https://www.evanjones.ca/ordered-vs-unordered-indexes.html)
- [Samuel Madden professor research page](http://db.csail.mit.edu/madden/)
- [Curated list of resources for graph databases and graph computing tools](https://github.com/jbmusso/awesome-graph#readme)
- [Graph Databases book](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f511/7084ca43e888fb3e17ab0f0e684cced0f8fd.pdf)
- [Big News In Databases — Fall 2019](https://winand.at/newsletter/2019-12/partiql-microsoft-licenses-volcano-model)
- [Ask HN: What are some examples of good database schema designs? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22324691)
- [Data flows and security architecture in CockroachDB (2020)](https://dr-knz.net/data-flows-and-security-architecture-in-cockroachdb.html)
- [Awesome Database Learning](https://github.com/pingcap/awesome-database-learning#readme) - List of learning materials to understand databases internals.
- [Sharing an SQLite database across containers is surprisingly brilliant (2020)](https://medium.com/@rbranson/sharing-sqlite-databases-across-containers-is-surprisingly-brilliant-bacb8d753054)
- [Your Database as an API (2020)](http://kevinmahoney.co.uk/articles/your-database-as-an-api/) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/nbyzgm/your_database_as_api))
- [Elle](https://github.com/jepsen-io/elle) - Black-box transactional safety checker based on cycle detection.
- [Millions of Tiny Databases (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO9AxJTlgsU) ([Article](http://brooker.co.za/blog/2020/02/17/physalia.html))
- [The Next 50 Years of Databases (2015)](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~pavlo/blog/2015/09/the-next-50-years-of-databases.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21508210))
- [Interview with Noria’s creator: a promising dataflow research database implemented in Rust (2019)](https://notamonadtutorial.com/interview-with-norias-creator-a-promising-dataflow-database-implemented-in-rust-352e2c3d9d95)
- [The High Cost of Splitting Related Data (2020)](http://kevinmahoney.co.uk/articles/the-high-cost-of-splitting-related-data/)
- [Awesome Database Tools](https://github.com/mgramin/awesome-db-tools#readme)
- [Storage: Complete Overview for Developers (2020)](https://developer.sh/posts/storage-technologies-for-developers)
- [Event-Reduce](https://github.com/pubkey/event-reduce) - Algorithm to optimize database queries that run multiple times. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22888239))
- [Apache Druid vs. Time-Series Databases (2019)](https://imply.io/post/apache-druid-vs-time-series-databases) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22868286))
- [Lopez: Breaking boundaries between programming languages and databases (2019)](https://tel.archives-ouvertes.fr/tel-02309327/document)
- [Declarative Frameworks and Optimization Techniques for Developing Scalable Advanced Analytics over Databases and Data Streams (2019)](https://escholarship.org/content/qt9qb0c0zx/qt9qb0c0zx.pdf)
- [Things I Wished More Developers Knew About Databases (2020)](https://medium.com/@rakyll/things-i-wished-more-developers-knew-about-databases-2d0178464f78) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22942278))
- [toyDB](https://github.com/erikgrinaker/toydb) - Distributed SQL database in Rust, written as a learning project.
- [Gallery of 200 database schema diagrams of open-source packages](https://drawsql.app/templates) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23006159))
- [MySQL sharding at Quora](https://www.quora.com/q/quoraengineering/MySQL-sharding-at-Quora?share=1) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22987242))
- [Database Internals book](https://www.databass.dev/) - Deep Dive Into How Distributed Data Systems Work.
- [Fast and maintainable patterns for fetching from a database (2020)](https://sophiebits.com/2020/01/01/fast-maintainable-db-patterns.html)
- [DbCleaner](https://github.com/khaiql/dbcleaner) - Clean database for testing, inspired by database_cleaner for Ruby.
- [polluter](https://github.com/romanyx/polluter) - Easiest solution to seed database with Go.
- [In Search of a Local-First Database (2020)](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/in-search-of-a-local-first-database/)
- [Local-first database: remoteStorage.js (2020)](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/local-first-database-remotestorage/)
- [Jon Gjengset's PhD thesis](https://github.com/jonhoo/thesis)
- [Succinct Data Structures and Delta Encoding for Modern Databases (2020)](https://terminusdb.com/t/papers/terminusdb-git.pdf)
- [About Pool Sizing](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/wiki/About-Pool-Sizing)
- [migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate) - Database migrations written in Go. Use as CLI or import as library.
- [I want to own the database that my apps use (2020)](https://orndorffgrant.com/own-your-data-idea/) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/dyeuqm/i_want_own_database_my_apps_use))
- [Hermitage: Testing transaction isolation levels](https://github.com/ept/hermitage#readme)

Commit message:

photography llvm computer-vision image-processing databases devops gpu internationalization keras generative-adversarial-networks fourier-transform graph-theory linear-algebra authentication graphql iot bittorrent tls nlp speech-recognition speech-synthesis kubernetes ios linux wiki-workflow coq go js-libraries julia-libraries python rust-libraries scala-libraries swift-libraries shell markdown

databases/databases.md, after:

# Databases

## Interesting

- [Mentat](https://github.com/mozilla/mentat) - Persistent, relational store inspired by Datomic and DataScript.
- [RocksDB](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) - Persistent Key-Value Store for Flash and RAM Storage.
- [goleveldb](https://github.com/syndtr/goleveldb) - LevelDB key/value database in Go.
- [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb) - Distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol.
- [tikv](https://github.com/tikv/tikv) - Distributed transactional key-value database, originally created to complement TiDB.
  - [pd](https://github.com/pingcap/pd) - Placement driver for TiKV.
- [Noria](https://github.com/mit-pdos/noria) - Dynamically changing, partially-stateful data-flow for web application backends.
- [RethinkDB](https://www.rethinkdb.com/) - Pushes JSON to your apps in realtime.
- [RedixDB](https://github.com/alash3al/redix) - Persistent real-time key-value store, with the same redis protocol with powerful features.
- [AresDB](https://github.com/uber/aresdb) - GPU-powered real-time analytics storage and query engine.
- [Sophia](https://github.com/pmwkaa/sophia) - Modern transactional key-value/row storage library.
- [Bolt](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt) - Embedded key/value database for Go.
- [InfluxDB](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb) - Scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics. ([Web](https://www.influxdata.com/))
- [EdgeDB](https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb) - Open-source object-relational database built on top of PostgreSQL.
- [Cassandra](https://github.com/apache/cassandra) - Highly-scalable partitioned row store. Rows are organized into tables with a required primary key.
- [Scylla](https://www.scylladb.com/) - Drop-in Apache Cassandra alternative big data database that powers your applications with ultra-low latency and extremely high throughput, while reducing TCO to a fraction of most NoSQL databases. [OSS](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla).
- [JanusGraph](https://github.com/JanusGraph/janusgraph) - Open-source, distributed graph database.
- [LevelDB](https://github.com/google/leveldb) - Fast key-value storage library written at Google that provides an ordered mapping from string keys to string values.
- [DuckDB](https://github.com/cwida/duckdb) - Embeddable SQL OLAP Database Management System.
- [sled](https://github.com/spacejam/sled) - Modern embedded database.
- [Genji](https://github.com/asdine/genji) - Multi engine embedded database.
- [Atlas](https://github.com/Netflix/atlas) - In-memory dimensional time series database.
- [Pebble](https://github.com/petermattis/pebble) - RocksDB/LevelDB inspired key-value database in Go.
- [LogDevice](https://github.com/facebookincubator/LogDevice) - Distributed storage for sequential data.
- [SQLite](https://github.com/sqlite/sqlite) - C-language library that implements a small, fast, self-contained, high-reliability, full-featured, SQL database engine.
- [better-sqlite3](https://github.com/JoshuaWise/better-sqlite3) - Fastest and simplest library for SQLite3 in NodeJS.
- [rqlite](https://github.com/rqlite/rqlite) - Lightweight, distributed relational database built on SQLite.
- [gStore](https://github.com/pkumod/gStore) - Graph database engine for managing large graph-structured data.
- [MongoDB](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo) - General purpose, document-based, distributed database built for modern application developers.
- [Ardb](https://github.com/yinqiwen/ardb) - High Performance Persistent NoSql, Full Redis-Protocol Compatibility.
- [datahikeai](https://github.com/replikativ/datahike) - Durable datalog implementation adaptable for distribution.
- [Yugabyte DB](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db) - High-performance distributed SQL database for global, internet-scale apps.
- [JuliaDB](https://github.com/JuliaComputing/JuliaDB.jl) - Parallel analytical database in pure Julia.
- [Delta Lake](https://github.com/delta-io/delta) - Storage layer that brings scalable, ACID transactions to Apache Spark and other big-data engines.
- [M3](https://github.com/m3db/m3) - Distributed TSDB, Aggregator and Query Engine, Prometheus Sidecar, Graphite Compatible, Metrics Platform.
- [WatermelonDB](https://github.com/Nozbe/WatermelonDB) - Reactive & asynchronous database for powerful React and React Native apps.
- [Neo4j](https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j) - High performance graph store with all the features expected of a mature and robust database, like a friendly query language and ACID transactions.
- [Dgraph](https://github.com/dgraph-io/dgraph) - Horizontally scalable and distributed graph database, providing ACID transactions, consistent replication and linearizable reads.
- [MeiliDB](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB) - Full-text search database based on the fast LMDB key-value store.
- [CrateDB](https://github.com/crate/crate) - Distributed SQL database that makes it simple to store and analyze massive amounts of machine data in real-time.
- [Riak](https://github.com/basho/riak) - Distributed, decentralized data storage system.
- [CockroachDB](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach) - Open source, cloud-native SQL database.
- [ActorDB](https://github.com/biokoda/actordb) - Distributed SQL database.
- [ksqlDB](https://ksqldb.io/) - Event streaming database purpose-built for stream processing applications. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21589670)) ([Code](https://github.com/confluentinc/ksql))
- [OmniSciDB](https://github.com/omnisci/omniscidb) - Open source SQL-based, relational, columnar database engine that leverages the full performance and parallelism of modern hardware.
- [Sonnerie](https://github.com/njaard/sonnerie) - Simple timeseries database.
- [Boa](https://github.com/jasonwilliams/boa) - Embeddable and experimental Javascript engine written in Rust.
- [SQLite compiled to JavaScript](https://github.com/kripken/sql.js)
- [Dolt](https://github.com/liquidata-inc/dolt) - Relational database, i.e. it has tables, and you can execute SQL queries against those tables. It also has version control primitives that operate at the level of table cell.
- [Crux](https://github.com/juxt/crux) - Open source document database with bitemporal graph queries. ([Website](https://opencrux.com/)) ([Article](https://jorin.me/crux-as-general-purpose-database/))
- [LokiJS](https://github.com/techfort/LokiJS) - Document oriented database written in JavaScript.
- [terrier](https://github.com/cmu-db/terrier) - Carnegie Mellon's new database system project that is replacing [Peloton](https://github.com/cmu-db/peloton).
- [Nebula Graph](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula) - Open-source graph database capable of hosting super large scale graphs with dozens of billions of vertices (nodes) and trillions of edges, with milliseconds of latency. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22051271))
- [SeaTable](https://seatable.io/) - Online lightweight database with a spreadsheet interface. ([Code](https://github.com/seatable/seatable))
- [Ceph](https://github.com/ceph/ceph) - Distributed object, block, and file storage platform.
- [Vitess](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess) - Database clustering system for horizontal scaling of MySQL through generalized sharding.
- [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) - High performance object storage server compatible with Amazon S3 APIs.
- [Memory-Efficient Search Trees for Database Management Systems (2020)](http://reports-archive.adm.cs.cmu.edu/anon/2020/CMU-CS-20-101.pdf) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22543125))
- [ShareDB](https://github.com/share/sharedb) - Realtime database backend based on Operational Transformation (OT).
- [Irmin](https://irmin.org/) - Distributed database built on the same principles as Git. ([Code](https://github.com/mirage/irmin)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22591949))
- [Noms](https://github.com/attic-labs/noms) - Decentralized database philosophically descendant from the Git version control system.
- [SwayDB](https://github.com/simerplaha/SwayDB) - Fast embeddable persistent and in-memory key-value storage engine that provides storage as simple data structures - Map, Set & Queue.
- [TrailDB](https://github.com/traildb/traildb) - Efficient tool for storing and querying series of events.
- [QuestDB](https://github.com/questdb/questdb) - Relational database with ultimate time-series performance.
- [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus) - Systems and service monitoring system.
- [Akumuli](https://github.com/akumuli/Akumuli) - Time-series database.
- [SSDB](https://github.com/ideawu/ssdb) - Redis compatible NoSQL database stored on disk.
- [minikeyvalue](https://github.com/geohot/minikeyvalue) - Distributed key value store in under 1000 lines.
- [Bedrock](https://github.com/Expensify/Bedrock) - Rock solid distributed database specializing in active/active automatic failover and WAN replication.
- [TerminusDB](https://terminusdb.com/) - Full featured in-memory graph database management system with a rich query language. ([Code](https://github.com/terminusdb/terminus-server)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22867767))
- [WhiteDB](https://github.com/priitj/whitedb) - Lightweight database library operating fully in main memory. Disk is used only for dumping/restoring database and logging.
- [FaunaDB](https://fauna.com/) - Database built for serverless, featuring native GraphQL. ([Awesome](https://github.com/n400/awesome-faunadb#readme))
- [immudb](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb) - Lightweight, high-speed immutable database for systems and applications. Written in Go.
- [NutsDB](https://github.com/xujiajun/nutsdb) - Simple, fast, embeddable, persistent key/value store written in pure Go.
- [remoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io/) - Open protocol for per-user storage on the Web.
- [TimescaleDB](https://www.timescale.com/) - Open-source database built for analyzing time-series data with the power and convenience of SQL.
- [ClickHouse](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse) - Free analytics DBMS for big data.
- [ArongoDB](https://www.arangodb.com/) - Natively store data for graph, document and search needs. Utilize feature-rich access with one query language. ([Go Driver](https://github.com/arangodb/go-driver))

## Tools

- [Postico](https://eggerapps.at/postico/) - Modern PostgreSQL Client for the Mac.
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.io/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22908224))
- [SQLiteStudio](https://github.com/pawelsalawa/sqlitestudio) - Free, open source, multi-platform SQLite database manager.
- [litecli](https://github.com/dbcli/litecli) - Command-line client for SQLite databases that has auto-completion and syntax highlighting.
- [Beekeeper Studio](https://www.beekeeperstudio.io/) - Query and manage your relational databases.
- [Diwata](https://github.com/ivanceras/diwata) - User-friendly database interface.

## Links

- [Stanford DB course](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/DB/2014/SelfPaced/about)
- [Algebraic Query Language](http://categoricaldata.net/aql.html) - Schemas as categories, DB instances as functors, provable data migration as functor composition.
- [David Nolen: Out of the Tarpit, Revisited (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y1phdZkLw4)
- [syncing-thesis](https://github.com/mirkokiefer/syncing-thesis) - Syncing strategies for mobile apps.
- [Storage Performance Development Kit](https://spdk.io/) - Provides a set of tools and libraries for writing high performance, scalable, user-mode storage applications.
- [Let's Build a Simple Database](https://github.com/cstack/db_tutorial) - Writing a sqlite clone from scratch in C.
- [Readings in Databases](https://github.com/rxin/db-readings#readme) - List of papers essential to understanding databases and building new data systems.
- [Dbmate](https://github.com/amacneil/dbmate) - Lightweight, framework-agnostic database migration tool.
- [Turning the database inside-out with Apache Samza (2015)](https://www.confluent.io/blog/turning-the-database-inside-out-with-apache-samza/)
- [Designing Data Intensive Applications Book](https://dataintensive.net/) - Deep dives into different types of data storage solutions, their history, and how they actually work.
- [Scalable SQL and NoSQL Data Stores](http://www.cattell.net/datastores/Datastores.pdf) - Good paper that helps differentiate similar but different datastores. Really helpful when you're trying to pick a modern data solution.
- ["Transactions: myths, surprises and opportunities" by Martin Kleppmann (2015)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZjhNTM8XU8)
- [Using Apache Arrow, Calcite and Parquet to build a Relational Cache (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMl9Py8o3pk)
- [Apache Arrow](https://github.com/apache/arrow) - Development platform for in-memory analytics. It contains a set of technologies that enable big data systems to process and move data fast.
- [Blazer](https://github.com/ankane/blazer) - Explore your data with SQL. Easily create charts and dashboards, and share them with your team.
- [Moving on from RocksDB to something FASTER - Matthew Brookes (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWNbbkQMtfI)
- [List of software that turns your database into a REST/GraphQL API](https://github.com/dbohdan/automatic-api)
- [What Are Databases? (2019)](https://www.prisma.io/blog/introduction-to-databases-jmt9jwidtc2a)
- [Advanced Database Systems (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSE8ODhjZXja7K1hjZ01UTVDnGQdx5v5U) ([Other courses](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnBsf2rH-K7pn09rb3qvkA/playlists)) ([Web](https://15445.courses.cs.cmu.edu/fall2019/)) ([Code](https://github.com/cmu-db/bustub))
- [Facebook Scuba, MongoDB, CockroachDB (CMU Databases Systems lecture) (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB53N2eIAig)
- [DB](https://github.com/infostreams/db) - Version control for databases: save, restore, and archive snapshots of your database from the command line. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21742222))
- [Why databases use ordered indexes but programming uses hash tables (2019)](https://www.evanjones.ca/ordered-vs-unordered-indexes.html)
- [Samuel Madden professor research page](http://db.csail.mit.edu/madden/)
- [Curated list of resources for graph databases and graph computing tools](https://github.com/jbmusso/awesome-graph#readme)
- [Graph Databases book](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f511/7084ca43e888fb3e17ab0f0e684cced0f8fd.pdf)
- [Big News In Databases — Fall 2019](https://winand.at/newsletter/2019-12/partiql-microsoft-licenses-volcano-model)
- [Ask HN: What are some examples of good database schema designs? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22324691)
- [Data flows and security architecture in CockroachDB (2020)](https://dr-knz.net/data-flows-and-security-architecture-in-cockroachdb.html)
- [Awesome Database Learning](https://github.com/pingcap/awesome-database-learning#readme) - List of learning materials to understand databases internals.
- [Sharing an SQLite database across containers is surprisingly brilliant (2020)](https://medium.com/@rbranson/sharing-sqlite-databases-across-containers-is-surprisingly-brilliant-bacb8d753054)
- [Your Database as an API (2020)](http://kevinmahoney.co.uk/articles/your-database-as-an-api/) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/nbyzgm/your_database_as_api))
- [Elle](https://github.com/jepsen-io/elle) - Black-box transactional safety checker based on cycle detection.
- [Millions of Tiny Databases (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO9AxJTlgsU) ([Article](http://brooker.co.za/blog/2020/02/17/physalia.html))
- [The Next 50 Years of Databases (2015)](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~pavlo/blog/2015/09/the-next-50-years-of-databases.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21508210))
- [Interview with Noria’s creator: a promising dataflow research database implemented in Rust (2019)](https://notamonadtutorial.com/interview-with-norias-creator-a-promising-dataflow-database-implemented-in-rust-352e2c3d9d95)
- [The High Cost of Splitting Related Data (2020)](http://kevinmahoney.co.uk/articles/the-high-cost-of-splitting-related-data/)
- [Awesome Database Tools](https://github.com/mgramin/awesome-db-tools#readme)
- [Storage: Complete Overview for Developers (2020)](https://developer.sh/posts/storage-technologies-for-developers)
- [Event-Reduce](https://github.com/pubkey/event-reduce) - Algorithm to optimize database queries that run multiple times. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22888239))
- [Apache Druid vs. Time-Series Databases (2019)](https://imply.io/post/apache-druid-vs-time-series-databases) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22868286))
- [Lopez: Breaking boundaries between programming languages and databases (2019)](https://tel.archives-ouvertes.fr/tel-02309327/document)
- [Declarative Frameworks and Optimization Techniques for Developing Scalable Advanced Analytics over Databases and Data Streams (2019)](https://escholarship.org/content/qt9qb0c0zx/qt9qb0c0zx.pdf)
- [Things I Wished More Developers Knew About Databases (2020)](https://medium.com/@rakyll/things-i-wished-more-developers-knew-about-databases-2d0178464f78) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22942278))
- [toyDB](https://github.com/erikgrinaker/toydb) - Distributed SQL database in Rust, written as a learning project.
- [Gallery of 200 database schema diagrams of open-source packages](https://drawsql.app/templates) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23006159))
- [MySQL sharding at Quora](https://www.quora.com/q/quoraengineering/MySQL-sharding-at-Quora?share=1) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22987242))
- [Database Internals book](https://www.databass.dev/) - Deep Dive Into How Distributed Data Systems Work.
- [Fast and maintainable patterns for fetching from a database (2020)](https://sophiebits.com/2020/01/01/fast-maintainable-db-patterns.html)
- [DbCleaner](https://github.com/khaiql/dbcleaner) - Clean database for testing, inspired by database_cleaner for Ruby.
- [polluter](https://github.com/romanyx/polluter) - Easiest solution to seed database with Go.
- [In Search of a Local-First Database (2020)](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/in-search-of-a-local-first-database/)
- [Local-first database: remoteStorage.js (2020)](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/local-first-database-remotestorage/)
- [Jon Gjengset's PhD thesis](https://github.com/jonhoo/thesis)
- [Succinct Data Structures and Delta Encoding for Modern Databases (2020)](https://terminusdb.com/t/papers/terminusdb-git.pdf)
- [About Pool Sizing](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/wiki/About-Pool-Sizing)
- [migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate) - Database migrations written in Go. Use as CLI or import as library.
- [I want to own the database that my apps use (2020)](https://orndorffgrant.com/own-your-data-idea/) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/dyeuqm/i_want_own_database_my_apps_use))
- [Hermitage: Testing transaction isolation levels](https://github.com/ept/hermitage#readme)
