operating-systems/ios/ios.md, before:

# iOS

My [favorite mobile operating system](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/my-ios#readme) mostly due to me not really trying anything else.

I hope to release Learn Anything on iOS soon too. That would be quite cool.

## Nice OSS iOS Swift apps

- [Spotify Daily](https://github.com/ThasianX/SpotifyDaily) - Open-Source Spotify App. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21867728))
- [EVOlution](https://github.com/Evolution-App/iOS) - Unofficial app for Swift Evolution.
- [Telegram](https://github.com/TelegramMessenger/Telegram-iOS)
- [Mast 2](https://github.com/ShihabMe/Mast2) - Mastodon client.

## Notes

- [Giving location, camera, photo permissions to apps matters](https://krausefx.com/blog/ios-privacy-watchuser-access-both-iphone-cameras-any-time-your-app-is-running)
- To unlock watch with iOS: Watch.app > Passcode > Unlock with iPhone.
- If you want to find text on a page in Safari, you can click the URL bar, type the word that you want, and select the last option “On this page”.
- [Can edit Scriptable snippets on mac with VS Code with instant syncing to iOS](https://talk.automators.fm/t/code-editing-on-the-mac/2005)
- [Use debugger and breakpoints for debugging. There are also some button in the debugger that are helpful. The one with the rectangles button suspends your app and allows you to visually see the layers of the current screen.](https://www.reddit.com/r/iOSProgramming/comments/ae2h6e/what_ios_development_habits_do_you_wish_you/)
  - You can also use Accessibility Inspector for detecting elements and their values.
  - You can also hit the play/pause button in the debugger to pause the app. You can also use commands in the debugger while paused. For example, if you wanted to know a value of a variable, you can type “po varName” and it will print it. Or if it’s a class, you can access properties.
  - You can also create exception breakpoints to print out “po \$arg1” and it will print the reason it crashed at the bottom of the stack trace so you don’t have to scroll up.
- It’s useful to setup apps to open links in Safari and not in-browser where possible (i.e. Tweetbot)
- [To share purchased content, all family members must be on the same country or region.](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201454)

## Links

- [iOS Dev Directory](https://iosdevdirectory.com/) - Comprehensive list of blogs & sites covering iOS development.
- [iOS Security paper](https://www.apple.com/business/docs/iOS_Security_Guide.pdf)
- [iOS landing page](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ios-landing-page)
- [iOS Developer roadmap](https://github.com/BohdanOrlov/iOS-Developer-Roadmap#readme)
- [Peek](https://github.com/shaps80/Peek) - Inspect your iOS application at runtime.
- [Unix / CLI / shell-like tools for iOS](http://maverick.inria.fr/Members/Nicolas.Holzschuch/ios_shell.html)
- [iOS interview tips](http://martiancraft.com/blog/2016/10/interview-tips/)
- [iOS Developer and Designer Interview Questions](https://github.com/9magnets/iOS-Developer-and-Designer-Interview-Questions#readme)
- [Writing good bug reports](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2016/writing-good-bug-reports/)
- [iOS tips and tricks (2018)](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/8stuj6/ios_tips_and_tricks/)
- [iOS Factor](https://ios-factor.com/) - Develop high quality iOS apps.
- [New stuff from 2018 WWDC](https://mackuba.eu/2018/09/07/new-stuff-from-wwdc-2018/)
- [The Evolution of the App Store and the App Business](https://denzhadanov.com/the-evolution-of-the-app-store-and-the-app-business-b16b3eddfa57)
- [Some beautiful paid wallpapers for iPhones](https://gumroad.com/jmdenis)
- [Building Fluid Interfaces](https://medium.com/@nathangitter/building-fluid-interfaces-ios-swift-9732bb934bf5)
- [FloatingPanel](https://github.com/SCENEE/FloatingPanel) - Clean and easy-to-use floating panel UI component for iOS.
- [Flipper](https://github.com/facebook/flipper) - Desktop debugging platform for mobile developers.
- [How I'd learn iOS Development](https://sandofskvy.com/blog/how-to-learn-ios-development.html)
- [iOS resources](https://github.com/Ramshandilya/iOSRepo#readme) - List of resources & libraries for iOS and Swift.
- [Localization Editor](https://github.com/igorkulman/iOSLocalizationEditor) - Simple macOS editor app to help you manage iOS app localizations by allowing you to edit all the translations side by side.
- [HN: The iOS Menu (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18830267)
- [Secure iOS application development](https://github.com/felixgr/secure-ios-app-dev#readme)
- [My Must-Have iOS Apps, 2018 Edition](https://www.macstories.net/stories/my-must-have-ios-apps-2018-edition/)
- [Bagel](https://github.com/yagiz/Bagel) - Little native network debugging tool for iOS.
- [Nailing Your iOS Interview in Silicon Valley (2019)](https://medium.com/@bayareabelletrist/how-to-prepare-for-an-ios-interview-in-silicon-valley-85a009cf8a4)
- [KIF iOS Integration Testing Framework](https://github.com/kif-framework/KIF) - iOS integration test framework.
- [Collection of tools that an iOS developer should know](https://github.com/LeoMobileDeveloper/ios-developer-tools#readme)
- [isign](https://github.com/saucelabs/isign) - Code sign iOS applications, without proprietary Apple software or hardware.
- [Rome](https://github.com/blender/Rome) - Cache tool for Carthage.
- [iOSSnapshotTestCase](https://github.com/uber/ios-snapshot-test-case) - Snapshot view unit tests for iOS.
- [iOS Project Template](https://github.com/pgorzelany/iOS-project-template) - Template to jumpstart your next iOS project integrating best practices and tools.
- [Comprehensive open-source iOS guides](https://guides.codepath.com/ios)
- [Automatic App Landing Page](https://github.com/emilbaehr/automatic-app-landing-page) - Jekyll theme for automatically generating and deploying landing page sites for mobile apps.
- [Reverse Engineering iOS Applications](https://github.com/ivRodriguezCA/RE-iOS-Apps) - Free, open source and online course about Reverse Engineering iOS Applications.
- [Awesome iOS](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios#readme)
- [xctool](https://github.com/facebook/xctool) - Extension for Apple's xcodebuild that makes it easier to test iOS and macOS apps.
- [ios-architecture](https://github.com/tailec/ios-architecture) - Collection of iOS architectures - MVC, MVVM, MVVM+RxSwift, VIPER, RIBs and many others.
- [Bugsnag exception reporter for iOS and macOS](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-cocoa) - Cocoa library automatically detects crashes and fatal signals in your iOS 8.0+, macOS 10.8+ and tvOS applications.
- [Mirror of Apple's iOS samples](https://github.com/robovm/apple-ios-samples)
- [iOS Hacking Resources](https://github.com/Siguza/ios-resources#readme)
- [iOS Dev Jobs](https://iosdevjobs.com/) - Has newsletter too.
- [WWDC 2019 notes (2019)](https://nshipster.com/wwdc-2019/)
- [Machine Learning for iOS](https://github.com/alexsosn/iOS_ML#readme)
- [WWDC 2019 - The Things You May Have Missed (2019)](https://patrickbalestra.com/blog/2019/06/07/wwdc-2019-the-things-you-may-have-missed.html)
- [iOS 12.2 to 13.0 API Differences](http://codeworkshop.net/objc-diff/sdkdiffs/ios/13.0/)
- [WWDC by Sundell](https://wwdcbysundell.com/) - Daily coverage of Apple’s WWDC 2019 conference, by John Sundell.
- [iOS 13 Concept](https://www.behance.net/gallery/80675205/iOS-13-Concept-by-Alvaro-Pabesio?)
- [WWDC 2019 Session Notes](https://github.com/Blackjacx/WWDC#readme)
- [OSStatus](https://www.osstatus.com/) - Look up Apple API errors quickly.
- [Babylon iOS Playbook](https://github.com/Babylonpartners/ios-playbook#readme)
- [Open-source jailbreaking tool for many iOS devices](https://github.com/axi0mX/ipwndfu)
- [Texture](https://github.com/TextureGroup/Texture) - Smooth asynchronous user interfaces for iOS apps.
- [iOS Goodies weekly newsletter](https://ios-goodies.com/) ([Source](https://github.com/iOS-Goodies/iOS-Goodies))
- [Who You Gonna Syscall? by Grant Douglas (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFLJjByneA4)
- [Every iOS security guide](https://github.com/0xmachos/iOS-Security-Guides)
- [Behind the scenes of iOS and Mac Security (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3byNNUReyvE)
- [UBKAccessibilityKit](https://github.com/NAB/UBKAccessibilityKit) - iOS framework to help with accessibility development and testing.
- [native-run](https://github.com/ionic-team/native-run) - Cross-platform command-line utility for running native binaries on devices and simulators/emulators.
- [Makeovr](http://www.makeovr.io/) - Cut "invisible icons" right out of your background, use them to push your other icons around, and do amazing things with your homescreen.
- [Guilherme Rambo - Fluid animations and interactions on iOS apps (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89QkikrQvQE)
- [Advanced debugging skills used in the iOS project development process](https://github.com/aozhimin/iOS-Debug-Hacks#readme)
- [Testing Remote Push Notification in iOS simulator (2020)](https://sarunw.com/tips/testing-remote-push-notification-in-ios-simulator/)
- [StatusBuddy](https://github.com/insidegui/StatusBuddy) - Keep track of Apple's developer and consumer system statuses right in your menu bar.
- [Plug](https://github.com/s4cha/Plug) - Plug implementation details for a cleaner Architecture on iOS.
- [Control Room](https://github.com/twostraws/ControlRoom) - macOS app to control the Xcode Simulator.
- [Straw](https://github.com/maxgoedjen/straw) - Piping macOS app notifications to the simulator.
- [CocoaDebug](https://github.com/CocoaDebug/CocoaDebug) - iOS Debugging Tool.
- [idb](https://github.com/facebook/idb) - Flexible command line interface for automating iOS simulators and devices.
- [iOS Performance tips you probably didn't know (from an ex-Apple engineer) (2020)](https://www.fadel.io/blog/posts/ios-performance-tips-you-probably-didnt-know/)
- [iOS 13 Design Guidelines, Templates, and Downloads (2020)](https://learnui.design/blog/ios-design-guidelines-templates.html)
- [UTM](https://github.com/utmapp/UTM) - Virtual machines for iOS. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22385370))
- [XCTestHTMLReport](https://github.com/TitouanVanBelle/XCTestHTMLReport) - Xcode-like HTML report for Unit and UI Tests.
- [iSH](https://ish.app/) - Linux shell on iOS. ([Code](https://github.com/tbodt/ish))
- [Concurrency & Multithreading in iOS](https://www.viget.com/articles/concurrency-multithreading-in-ios/)
- [Core Data Lab](https://betamagic.nl/products/coredatalab.html) - View, analyze and track your Core Data app’s data.
- [iOS bits and pieces that you can include in your project to make your life a bit easier](https://github.com/infinum/iOS-Nuts-And-Bolts)

Commit message:

art clothes serverless-computing llvm cryptocurrencies kdb music-artists music-production authentication lorawan kubernetes ios web-presence cpp-libraries go-libraries swift-libraries version-control dotfiles webpack

operating-systems/ios/ios.md, after:

# iOS

My [favorite mobile operating system](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/my-ios#readme) mostly due to me not really trying anything else.

I hope to release Learn Anything on iOS soon too. That would be quite cool.

## Nice OSS iOS Swift apps

- [Spotify Daily](https://github.com/ThasianX/SpotifyDaily) - Open-Source Spotify App. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21867728))
- [EVOlution](https://github.com/Evolution-App/iOS) - Unofficial app for Swift Evolution.
- [Telegram](https://github.com/TelegramMessenger/Telegram-iOS)
- [Mast 2](https://github.com/ShihabMe/Mast2) - Mastodon client.
- [AltStore](https://github.com/rileytestut/AltStore) - Alternative app store for non-jailbroken iOS devices.
- [mChat](https://github.com/realpaliy/mChat) - Real-time messaging app written in Swift for iOS devices.

## Notes

- [Giving location, camera, photo permissions to apps matters](https://krausefx.com/blog/ios-privacy-watchuser-access-both-iphone-cameras-any-time-your-app-is-running)
- To unlock watch with iOS: Watch.app > Passcode > Unlock with iPhone.
- If you want to find text on a page in Safari, you can click the URL bar, type the word that you want, and select the last option “On this page”.
- [Can edit Scriptable snippets on mac with VS Code with instant syncing to iOS](https://talk.automators.fm/t/code-editing-on-the-mac/2005)
- [Use debugger and breakpoints for debugging. There are also some button in the debugger that are helpful. The one with the rectangles button suspends your app and allows you to visually see the layers of the current screen.](https://www.reddit.com/r/iOSProgramming/comments/ae2h6e/what_ios_development_habits_do_you_wish_you/)
  - You can also use Accessibility Inspector for detecting elements and their values.
  - You can also hit the play/pause button in the debugger to pause the app. You can also use commands in the debugger while paused. For example, if you wanted to know a value of a variable, you can type “po varName” and it will print it. Or if it’s a class, you can access properties.
  - You can also create exception breakpoints to print out “po \$arg1” and it will print the reason it crashed at the bottom of the stack trace so you don’t have to scroll up.
- It’s useful to setup apps to open links in Safari and not in-browser where possible (i.e. Tweetbot)
- [To share purchased content, all family members must be on the same country or region.](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201454)

## Links

- [iOS Dev Directory](https://iosdevdirectory.com/) - Comprehensive list of blogs & sites covering iOS development.
- [iOS Security paper](https://www.apple.com/business/docs/iOS_Security_Guide.pdf)
- [iOS landing page](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ios-landing-page)
- [iOS Developer roadmap](https://github.com/BohdanOrlov/iOS-Developer-Roadmap#readme)
- [Peek](https://github.com/shaps80/Peek) - Inspect your iOS application at runtime.
- [Unix / CLI / shell-like tools for iOS](http://maverick.inria.fr/Members/Nicolas.Holzschuch/ios_shell.html)
- [iOS interview tips](http://martiancraft.com/blog/2016/10/interview-tips/)
- [iOS Developer and Designer Interview Questions](https://github.com/9magnets/iOS-Developer-and-Designer-Interview-Questions#readme)
- [Writing good bug reports](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2016/writing-good-bug-reports/)
- [iOS tips and tricks (2018)](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/8stuj6/ios_tips_and_tricks/)
- [iOS Factor](https://ios-factor.com/) - Develop high quality iOS apps.
- [New stuff from 2018 WWDC](https://mackuba.eu/2018/09/07/new-stuff-from-wwdc-2018/)
- [The Evolution of the App Store and the App Business](https://denzhadanov.com/the-evolution-of-the-app-store-and-the-app-business-b16b3eddfa57)
- [Some beautiful paid wallpapers for iPhones](https://gumroad.com/jmdenis)
- [Building Fluid Interfaces](https://medium.com/@nathangitter/building-fluid-interfaces-ios-swift-9732bb934bf5)
- [FloatingPanel](https://github.com/SCENEE/FloatingPanel) - Clean and easy-to-use floating panel UI component for iOS.
- [Flipper](https://github.com/facebook/flipper) - Desktop debugging platform for mobile developers.
- [How I'd learn iOS Development](https://sandofskvy.com/blog/how-to-learn-ios-development.html)
- [iOS resources](https://github.com/Ramshandilya/iOSRepo#readme) - List of resources & libraries for iOS and Swift.
- [Localization Editor](https://github.com/igorkulman/iOSLocalizationEditor) - Simple macOS editor app to help you manage iOS app localizations by allowing you to edit all the translations side by side.
- [HN: The iOS Menu (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18830267)
- [Secure iOS application development](https://github.com/felixgr/secure-ios-app-dev#readme)
- [My Must-Have iOS Apps, 2018 Edition](https://www.macstories.net/stories/my-must-have-ios-apps-2018-edition/)
- [Bagel](https://github.com/yagiz/Bagel) - Little native network debugging tool for iOS.
- [Nailing Your iOS Interview in Silicon Valley (2019)](https://medium.com/@bayareabelletrist/how-to-prepare-for-an-ios-interview-in-silicon-valley-85a009cf8a4)
- [KIF iOS Integration Testing Framework](https://github.com/kif-framework/KIF) - iOS integration test framework.
- [Collection of tools that an iOS developer should know](https://github.com/LeoMobileDeveloper/ios-developer-tools#readme)
- [isign](https://github.com/saucelabs/isign) - Code sign iOS applications, without proprietary Apple software or hardware.
- [Rome](https://github.com/blender/Rome) - Cache tool for Carthage.
- [iOSSnapshotTestCase](https://github.com/uber/ios-snapshot-test-case) - Snapshot view unit tests for iOS.
- [iOS Project Template](https://github.com/pgorzelany/iOS-project-template) - Template to jumpstart your next iOS project integrating best practices and tools.
- [Comprehensive open-source iOS guides](https://guides.codepath.com/ios)
- [Automatic App Landing Page](https://github.com/emilbaehr/automatic-app-landing-page) - Jekyll theme for automatically generating and deploying landing page sites for mobile apps.
- [Reverse Engineering iOS Applications](https://github.com/ivRodriguezCA/RE-iOS-Apps) - Free, open source and online course about Reverse Engineering iOS Applications.
- [Awesome iOS](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios#readme)
- [xctool](https://github.com/facebook/xctool) - Extension for Apple's xcodebuild that makes it easier to test iOS and macOS apps.
- [ios-architecture](https://github.com/tailec/ios-architecture) - Collection of iOS architectures - MVC, MVVM, MVVM+RxSwift, VIPER, RIBs and many others.
- [Bugsnag exception reporter for iOS and macOS](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-cocoa) - Cocoa library automatically detects crashes and fatal signals in your iOS 8.0+, macOS 10.8+ and tvOS applications.
- [Mirror of Apple's iOS samples](https://github.com/robovm/apple-ios-samples)
- [iOS Hacking Resources](https://github.com/Siguza/ios-resources#readme)
- [iOS Dev Jobs](https://iosdevjobs.com/) - Has newsletter too.
- [WWDC 2019 notes (2019)](https://nshipster.com/wwdc-2019/)
- [Machine Learning for iOS](https://github.com/alexsosn/iOS_ML#readme)
- [WWDC 2019 - The Things You May Have Missed (2019)](https://patrickbalestra.com/blog/2019/06/07/wwdc-2019-the-things-you-may-have-missed.html)
- [iOS 12.2 to 13.0 API Differences](http://codeworkshop.net/objc-diff/sdkdiffs/ios/13.0/)
- [WWDC by Sundell](https://wwdcbysundell.com/) - Daily coverage of Apple’s WWDC 2019 conference, by John Sundell.
- [iOS 13 Concept](https://www.behance.net/gallery/80675205/iOS-13-Concept-by-Alvaro-Pabesio?)
- [WWDC 2019 Session Notes](https://github.com/Blackjacx/WWDC#readme)
- [OSStatus](https://www.osstatus.com/) - Look up Apple API errors quickly.
- [Babylon iOS Playbook](https://github.com/Babylonpartners/ios-playbook#readme)
- [Open-source jailbreaking tool for many iOS devices](https://github.com/axi0mX/ipwndfu)
- [Texture](https://github.com/TextureGroup/Texture) - Smooth asynchronous user interfaces for iOS apps.
- [iOS Goodies weekly newsletter](https://ios-goodies.com/) ([Source](https://github.com/iOS-Goodies/iOS-Goodies))
- [Who You Gonna Syscall? by Grant Douglas (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFLJjByneA4)
- [Every iOS security guide](https://github.com/0xmachos/iOS-Security-Guides)
- [Behind the scenes of iOS and Mac Security (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3byNNUReyvE)
- [UBKAccessibilityKit](https://github.com/NAB/UBKAccessibilityKit) - iOS framework to help with accessibility development and testing.
- [native-run](https://github.com/ionic-team/native-run) - Cross-platform command-line utility for running native binaries on devices and simulators/emulators.
- [Makeovr](http://www.makeovr.io/) - Cut "invisible icons" right out of your background, use them to push your other icons around, and do amazing things with your homescreen.
- [Guilherme Rambo - Fluid animations and interactions on iOS apps (2020)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89QkikrQvQE)
- [Advanced debugging skills used in the iOS project development process](https://github.com/aozhimin/iOS-Debug-Hacks#readme)
- [Testing Remote Push Notification in iOS simulator (2020)](https://sarunw.com/tips/testing-remote-push-notification-in-ios-simulator/)
- [StatusBuddy](https://github.com/insidegui/StatusBuddy) - Keep track of Apple's developer and consumer system statuses right in your menu bar.
- [Plug](https://github.com/s4cha/Plug) - Plug implementation details for a cleaner Architecture on iOS.
- [Control Room](https://github.com/twostraws/ControlRoom) - macOS app to control the Xcode Simulator.
- [Straw](https://github.com/maxgoedjen/straw) - Piping macOS app notifications to the simulator.
- [CocoaDebug](https://github.com/CocoaDebug/CocoaDebug) - iOS Debugging Tool.
- [idb](https://github.com/facebook/idb) - Flexible command line interface for automating iOS simulators and devices.
- [iOS Performance tips you probably didn't know (from an ex-Apple engineer) (2020)](https://www.fadel.io/blog/posts/ios-performance-tips-you-probably-didnt-know/)
- [iOS 13 Design Guidelines, Templates, and Downloads (2020)](https://learnui.design/blog/ios-design-guidelines-templates.html)
- [UTM](https://github.com/utmapp/UTM) - Virtual machines for iOS. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22385370))
- [XCTestHTMLReport](https://github.com/TitouanVanBelle/XCTestHTMLReport) - Xcode-like HTML report for Unit and UI Tests.
- [iSH](https://ish.app/) - Linux shell on iOS. ([Code](https://github.com/tbodt/ish))
- [Concurrency & Multithreading in iOS](https://www.viget.com/articles/concurrency-multithreading-in-ios/)
- [Core Data Lab](https://betamagic.nl/products/coredatalab.html) - View, analyze and track your Core Data app’s data.
- [iOS bits and pieces that you can include in your project to make your life a bit easier](https://github.com/infinum/iOS-Nuts-And-Bolts)
