web/static-sites/hugo.md, before:

# [Hugo](https://gohugo.io)

I generate my [personal site](https://nikitavoloboev.xyz) with it. Using [Minimal theme](https://github.com/calintat/minimal).

## Themes

- [Even](https://github.com/olOwOlo/hugo-theme-even) - Super concise theme for Hugo.
- [Coder](https://github.com/luizdepra/hugo-coder/) - Minimalist blog theme for Hugo.
- [YinYang](https://github.com/joway/hugo-theme-yinyang/) - Black-white theme for Hugo.
- [Notepadium](https://github.com/cntrump/hugo-notepadium) - Fast Hugo theme, 100% JavaScript-free.

## Examples

- [The source for pimbook.org](https://github.com/pim-book/pim-book.github.io)
- [Oxide Computer](https://github.com/oxidecomputer/design.oxide.computer)

## Links

- [Hugs](https://github.com/bjango/Hugs) - Super simple starting point for Hugo websites.
- [Medium to Hugo](https://github.com/bgadrian/medium-to-hugo) - Medium stories exporter to markdown/hugo articles.
- [Docsy](https://github.com/google/docsy) - Set of Hugo doc templates for launching open source content.
- [GitHub Actions for Hugo](https://github.com/peaceiris/actions-hugo)
- [How to start a blog using Hugo (2020)](https://flaviocopes.com/start-blog-with-hugo/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21978306))
- [Tips for Customizing Hugo RSS Feeds (2020)](https://benjamincongdon.me/blog/2020/01/14/Tips-for-Customizing-Hugo-RSS-Feeds/)
- [Switching a Hugo theme (2019)](https://misha.brukman.net/blog/2019/05/switching-hugo-theme/)

Commit message:

compilers movies go-libraries hugo

web/static-sites/hugo.md, after:

# [Hugo](https://gohugo.io)

I generate my [personal site](https://nikitavoloboev.xyz) with it. Using [Minimal theme](https://github.com/calintat/minimal).

## Themes

- [Even](https://github.com/olOwOlo/hugo-theme-even) - Super concise theme for Hugo.
- [Coder](https://github.com/luizdepra/hugo-coder/) - Minimalist blog theme for Hugo.
- [YinYang](https://github.com/joway/hugo-theme-yinyang/) - Black-white theme for Hugo.
- [Notepadium](https://github.com/cntrump/hugo-notepadium) - Fast Hugo theme, 100% JavaScript-free.
- [Noteworthy](https://github.com/kimcc/hugo-theme-noteworthy) - Minimalist Hugo theme for writers and bloggers.

## Examples

- [The source for pimbook.org](https://github.com/pim-book/pim-book.github.io)
- [Oxide Computer](https://github.com/oxidecomputer/design.oxide.computer)

## Links

- [Hugs](https://github.com/bjango/Hugs) - Super simple starting point for Hugo websites.
- [Medium to Hugo](https://github.com/bgadrian/medium-to-hugo) - Medium stories exporter to markdown/hugo articles.
- [Docsy](https://github.com/google/docsy) - Set of Hugo doc templates for launching open source content.
- [GitHub Actions for Hugo](https://github.com/peaceiris/actions-hugo)
- [How to start a blog using Hugo (2020)](https://flaviocopes.com/start-blog-with-hugo/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21978306))
- [Tips for Customizing Hugo RSS Feeds (2020)](https://benjamincongdon.me/blog/2020/01/14/Tips-for-Customizing-Hugo-RSS-Feeds/)
- [Switching a Hugo theme (2019)](https://misha.brukman.net/blog/2019/05/switching-hugo-theme/)
