design/design-systems.md, before:

# Design systems

## Interesting design systems

- [Styled system](https://styled-system.com/) - Style props for rapid UI development.
- [Base Web](https://baseweb.design) - React Component library implementing the Base design language. ([Code](https://github.com/uber/baseweb)) ([Figma](https://www.figma.com/c/file/805195278314519508))
- [Grommet](https://grommet.io) - React-based framework that provides accessibility, modularity, responsiveness, and theming in a tidy package.
- [smooth UI](https://github.com/smooth-code/smooth-ui) - Modern React UI library.
- [Orbit](https://orbit.kiwi/) - Open source design system for your next travel project.
- [Chakra UI](https://github.com/chakra-ui/chakra-ui) - Simple, Modular & Accessible UI Components for your React Applications.
- [Reach UI](https://github.com/reach/reach-ui) - Accessible Foundation for React Apps and Design Systems.
- [Latitude](https://www.flexport.com/design) - Design guidelines, component documentation, styling instructions, and resources for building interfaces with Flexport’s design system. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21461579)) ([OSS](https://github.com/flexport/latitude))
- [Zeit](https://zeit.co/design)
- [Primer](https://primer.style/) - Design, build, and create with GitHub’s design system. ([Team](https://primer.style/about/#team/))
- [Fannypack](https://github.com/fannypackui/fannypack) - Friendly, themeable, accessible React UI Kit built with Reakit.
- [Braid](https://github.com/seek-oss/braid-design-system) - Themeable design system for the SEEK Group.
- [Lunar](https://github.com/airbnb/lunar) - React toolkit and design language for Airbnb open source and internal projects.
- [Welcome UI](http://welcome-ui.com/)
- [Ring UI](https://jetbrains.github.io/ring-ui/master/index.html?path=/story/ring-ui-welcome--getting-started) - JetBrains Web UI components. ([Code](https://github.com/JetBrains/ring-ui))
- [Classy-UI](https://classy-ui.io/) - Atomic design system inspired by the wonderful Tailwindcss. ([Code](https://github.com/cerebral/classy-ui))
- [Radix](https://radix.modulz.app/docs/getting-started/) - Design System and Component Library for Modulz. ([Code](https://github.com/modulz/radix))
- [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com/) - Beautiful UI components, crafted by the creators of Tailwind CSS. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22422873)) ([HN 2](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22463769))
- [Carbon](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon) - Design system built by IBM.
- [React Zeit Design](https://github.com/zeit-ui/react)
- [Fluent UI React](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui) - Set of React components for building Microsoft web experiences.
- [Operational UI Components](https://github.com/contiamo/operational-ui) - Contains simple, stateless UI building blocks - your typical input fields, buttons, cards, grids, and so on.
- [react-ui](https://github.com/siddharthkp/react-ui) - Customisable components and primitives based on design tokens.
- [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/) - Adobe’s design system.
- [Stacks](https://stackoverflow.design/) - Stack Overflow’s Design System. ([Code](https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks))
- [Elastic UI framework](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/) - Design library in use at Elastic to build internal products. ([Code](https://github.com/elastic/eui))
- [gov.uk](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) - Design your service using GOV.UK styles, components and patterns.
- [Radius](https://rangle.io/radius/) - Design System Accelerator. ([Code](https://github.com/rangle/radius))

## Links

- [Playroom](https://github.com/seek-oss/playroom) - Design with JSX, powered by your own component library.
- [Awesome React Design Systems](https://github.com/jbranchaud/awesome-react-design-systems#readme) - Curated list of design systems made up of reusable React components.
- [Framer Session 6 — Framer Bridge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsKSDyxcK5Q)
- [Introducing Base Web, Uber’s New Design System for Building Websites in React (2019)](https://eng.uber.com/introducing-base-web/)
- [Stencil](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil) - Compiler for Web Components and PWAs.
- [Theme UI](https://theme-ui.com/) - Build consistent, themeable React UIs based on design system constraints and design tokens.
- [Awesome component-driven development](https://github.com/component-driven/awesome-list#readme)
- [Modulz](https://www.modulz.app/) - Design, develop, document and deploy your design system—without writing code.
- [Design System Playground](https://design-system-playground.netlify.com/) - Play with typography and colors to generate a design system theme you can use in your projects.
- [Curated list of design systems](https://github.com/miukimiu/design-systems#readme)
- [ReactiveConf 2019 - Mark Dalgleish: Rethinking Design Practices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnV1u67_yVg)
- [Emma Wedekind: Foundations of Design Systems (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXb2jA43A6k)
- [Design Systems Slack](https://design.systems/slack/)
- [Awesome Design Systems](https://github.com/alexpate/awesome-design-systems#readme)
- [Zeroheight](https://zeroheight.com) - Create beautiful living styleguides and document all your design system resources in one place.
- [Laying the Foundations](https://designsystemfoundations.com/) - Book about design systems.
- [Designing with React - Mark Dalgleish (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orPcyJMJh7Y)
- [Design Systems Design System - Siddharth Kshetrapal (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLE6lQU_mEU)
- [Karri Saarinen - Scaling design with systems (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuLY1cYM57g)
- [Design System Checklist](https://designsystemchecklist.com/) - Open-source checklist to help you plan, build and grow your design system. ([Code](https://github.com/ardakaracizmeli/design-system-checklist))
- [OpenChakra](https://openchakra.app/) - Visual editor for Chakra UI. ([Code](https://github.com/premieroctet/openchakra)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22307270))
- [Chromatic](https://github.com/ui-js/chromatic) - Tool to help manage design systems by generating platform-specific files from a source file describing design tokens.
- [Prism](https://github.com/GettEngineering/Prism) - Gett's Design System code generator. Use Zeplin Styleguides as your R&D's Single Source of Truth.
- [System UI Theme Specification](https://github.com/system-ui/theme-specification)
- [CSS Analytics for Design Systems](https://www.projectwallace.com/) - Analyze your CSS and keep track of changes in complexity and branding..
- [Diez](https://diez.org/) - Design Token Framework. ([Code](https://github.com/diez/diez))
- [Learn Storybook](https://www.learnstorybook.com/) - Learn to develop UIs with components and design systems. ([Code](https://github.com/chromaui/learnstorybook-code))

Commit message:

data-structures design-systems networking js-libraries

design/design-systems.md, after:

# Design systems

## Interesting design systems

- [Styled system](https://styled-system.com/) - Style props for rapid UI development.
- [Base Web](https://baseweb.design) - React Component library implementing the Base design language. ([Code](https://github.com/uber/baseweb)) ([Figma](https://www.figma.com/c/file/805195278314519508))
- [Grommet](https://grommet.io) - React-based framework that provides accessibility, modularity, responsiveness, and theming in a tidy package.
- [smooth UI](https://github.com/smooth-code/smooth-ui) - Modern React UI library.
- [Orbit](https://orbit.kiwi/) - Open source design system for your next travel project.
- [Chakra UI](https://github.com/chakra-ui/chakra-ui) - Simple, Modular & Accessible UI Components for your React Applications.
- [Reach UI](https://github.com/reach/reach-ui) - Accessible Foundation for React Apps and Design Systems.
- [Latitude](https://www.flexport.com/design) - Design guidelines, component documentation, styling instructions, and resources for building interfaces with Flexport’s design system. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21461579)) ([OSS](https://github.com/flexport/latitude))
- [Zeit](https://zeit.co/design)
- [Primer](https://primer.style/) - Design, build, and create with GitHub’s design system. ([Team](https://primer.style/about/#team/))
- [Fannypack](https://github.com/fannypackui/fannypack) - Friendly, themeable, accessible React UI Kit built with Reakit.
- [Braid](https://github.com/seek-oss/braid-design-system) - Themeable design system for the SEEK Group.
- [Lunar](https://github.com/airbnb/lunar) - React toolkit and design language for Airbnb open source and internal projects.
- [Welcome UI](http://welcome-ui.com/)
- [Ring UI](https://jetbrains.github.io/ring-ui/master/index.html?path=/story/ring-ui-welcome--getting-started) - JetBrains Web UI components. ([Code](https://github.com/JetBrains/ring-ui))
- [Classy-UI](https://classy-ui.io/) - Atomic design system inspired by the wonderful Tailwindcss. ([Code](https://github.com/cerebral/classy-ui))
- [Radix](https://radix.modulz.app/docs/getting-started/) - Design System and Component Library for Modulz. ([Code](https://github.com/modulz/radix))
- [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com/) - Beautiful UI components, crafted by the creators of Tailwind CSS. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22422873)) ([HN 2](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22463769))
- [Carbon](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon) - Design system built by IBM.
- [React Zeit Design](https://github.com/zeit-ui/react)
- [Fluent UI React](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui) - Set of React components for building Microsoft web experiences.
- [Operational UI Components](https://github.com/contiamo/operational-ui) - Contains simple, stateless UI building blocks - your typical input fields, buttons, cards, grids, and so on.
- [react-ui](https://github.com/siddharthkp/react-ui) - Customisable components and primitives based on design tokens.
- [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/) - Adobe’s design system.
- [Stacks](https://stackoverflow.design/) - Stack Overflow’s Design System. ([Code](https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks))
- [Elastic UI framework](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/) - Design library in use at Elastic to build internal products. ([Code](https://github.com/elastic/eui))
- [gov.uk](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) - Design your service using GOV.UK styles, components and patterns.
- [Radius](https://rangle.io/radius/) - Design System Accelerator. ([Code](https://github.com/rangle/radius))
- [98.css](https://jdan.github.io/98.css/) - Design system for building faithful recreations of old UIs. ([Code](https://github.com/jdan/98.css)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22940564))

## Links

- [Playroom](https://github.com/seek-oss/playroom) - Design with JSX, powered by your own component library.
- [Awesome React Design Systems](https://github.com/jbranchaud/awesome-react-design-systems#readme) - Curated list of design systems made up of reusable React components.
- [Framer Session 6 — Framer Bridge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsKSDyxcK5Q)
- [Introducing Base Web, Uber’s New Design System for Building Websites in React (2019)](https://eng.uber.com/introducing-base-web/)
- [Stencil](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil) - Compiler for Web Components and PWAs.
- [Theme UI](https://theme-ui.com/) - Build consistent, themeable React UIs based on design system constraints and design tokens.
- [Awesome component-driven development](https://github.com/component-driven/awesome-list#readme)
- [Modulz](https://www.modulz.app/) - Design, develop, document and deploy your design system—without writing code.
- [Design System Playground](https://design-system-playground.netlify.com/) - Play with typography and colors to generate a design system theme you can use in your projects.
- [Curated list of design systems](https://github.com/miukimiu/design-systems#readme)
- [ReactiveConf 2019 - Mark Dalgleish: Rethinking Design Practices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnV1u67_yVg)
- [Emma Wedekind: Foundations of Design Systems (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXb2jA43A6k)
- [Design Systems Slack](https://design.systems/slack/)
- [Awesome Design Systems](https://github.com/alexpate/awesome-design-systems#readme)
- [Zeroheight](https://zeroheight.com) - Create beautiful living styleguides and document all your design system resources in one place.
- [Laying the Foundations](https://designsystemfoundations.com/) - Book about design systems.
- [Designing with React - Mark Dalgleish (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orPcyJMJh7Y)
- [Design Systems Design System - Siddharth Kshetrapal (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLE6lQU_mEU)
- [Karri Saarinen - Scaling design with systems (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuLY1cYM57g)
- [Design System Checklist](https://designsystemchecklist.com/) - Open-source checklist to help you plan, build and grow your design system. ([Code](https://github.com/ardakaracizmeli/design-system-checklist))
- [OpenChakra](https://openchakra.app/) - Visual editor for Chakra UI. ([Code](https://github.com/premieroctet/openchakra)) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22307270))
- [Chromatic](https://github.com/ui-js/chromatic) - Tool to help manage design systems by generating platform-specific files from a source file describing design tokens.
- [Prism](https://github.com/GettEngineering/Prism) - Gett's Design System code generator. Use Zeplin Styleguides as your R&D's Single Source of Truth.
- [System UI Theme Specification](https://github.com/system-ui/theme-specification)
- [CSS Analytics for Design Systems](https://www.projectwallace.com/) - Analyze your CSS and keep track of changes in complexity and branding..
- [Diez](https://diez.org/) - Design Token Framework. ([Code](https://github.com/diez/diez))
- [Learn Storybook](https://www.learnstorybook.com/) - Learn to develop UIs with components and design systems. ([Code](https://github.com/chromaui/learnstorybook-code))
