unix/shell/zsh/zsh-plugins.md, before:

# Zsh plugins

I use [Antibody](https://github.com/getantibody/antibody) to manage [my plugins](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/dotfiles/blob/master/zsh/plugins.txt#L1). Below is a list of plugins I use.

## Utility

- [Zsh Async](https://github.com/mafredri/zsh-async) - Because your terminal should be able to perform tasks asynchronously without external tools.
- [Bd](https://github.com/Tarrasch/zsh-bd) - Jump back to a specific directory, without doing `cd ../../..`.
- [Zsh completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions) - Additional completion definitions for Zsh.
- [Zsh autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) - Fish-like autosuggestions for Zsh.
- [FZF](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) - Command-line fuzzy finder.
- [Zsh history substring search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search) - ZSH port of Fish history search.
- [Zsh syntax highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting) - Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh.
- [Zsh better npm completion](https://github.com/lukechilds/zsh-better-npm-completion) - Better completion for npm.

## Prompt

- [Pure](https://github.com/sindresorhus/pure) - Pretty, minimal and fast ZSH prompt.

## Nix

- [ZSH Completions for Nix and NixOS](https://github.com/spwhitt/nix-zsh-completions) - ZSH Completions for Nix.

## Interesting (not using)

## Utility

- [z](https://github.com/rupa/z) - Jump around.
- [Enhancd](https://github.com/b4b4r07/enhancd) - Next-generation cd command with an interactive filter.
- [Ports](https://github.com/caarlos0/ports) - Easily see what's happening on your computer's ports.
- [Fast Syntax Highlighting](https://github.com/zdharma/fast-syntax-highlighting) - Fine granularity, number of features, 40 work hours themes.
- [cod](https://github.com/dim-an/cod) - Completion daemon for bash/zsh.
- [Zsh Nix Shell](https://github.com/chisui/zsh-nix-shell) - Use Zsh as the default nix-shell shell.

## Prompt

- [Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) - Minimal, blazing fast, and extremely customizable prompt for any shell.
- [Powerlevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k) - Emphasizes speed, flexibility and out-of-the-box experience.
- [Roadrunner](https://github.com/juanibiapina/roadrunner) - Fast and configurable prompt for shells.
- [powerline-rust](https://github.com/cirho/powerline-rust) - Altervative to powerline-shell. It's heavily inspired by it, but focuses on minimalizing time of execution.
- [silver](https://github.com/reujab/silver) - Cross-shell customizable powerline-like prompt with icons.

## Git

- [Zsh git fetch merge](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-git-fetch-merge) - Runs `git fetch upstream` & `git merge upstream/master`.
- [Git sync](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-git-sync) - Sync git repositories and clean them up.
- [Open PR](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-open-pr) - Open pull requests from command line.
- [Git add remote](https://github.com/caarlos0/git-add-remote) - Easily add remotes to git repositories.

## Links

- [Awesome Zsh Plugins](https://github.com/unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins#readme)

Commit message:

computer-graphics databases other physics go-libraries js-libraries shell zsh-plugins nodejs web-workers

unix/shell/zsh/zsh-plugins.md, after:

# Zsh plugins

I use [Antibody](https://github.com/getantibody/antibody) to manage [my plugins](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/dotfiles/blob/master/zsh/plugins.txt#L1). Below is a list of plugins I use.

## Utility

- [Zsh Async](https://github.com/mafredri/zsh-async) - Because your terminal should be able to perform tasks asynchronously without external tools.
- [Bd](https://github.com/Tarrasch/zsh-bd) - Jump back to a specific directory, without doing `cd ../../..`.
- [Zsh completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions) - Additional completion definitions for Zsh.
- [Zsh autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) - Fish-like autosuggestions for Zsh.
- [FZF](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) - Command-line fuzzy finder.
- [Zsh history substring search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search) - ZSH port of Fish history search.
- [Zsh syntax highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting) - Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh.
- [Zsh better npm completion](https://github.com/lukechilds/zsh-better-npm-completion) - Better completion for npm.

## Prompt

- [Pure](https://github.com/sindresorhus/pure) - Pretty, minimal and fast ZSH prompt.

## Nix

- [ZSH Completions for Nix and NixOS](https://github.com/spwhitt/nix-zsh-completions) - ZSH Completions for Nix.

## Interesting (not using)

## Utility

- [z](https://github.com/rupa/z) - Jump around.
- [Enhancd](https://github.com/b4b4r07/enhancd) - Next-generation cd command with an interactive filter.
- [Ports](https://github.com/caarlos0/ports) - Easily see what's happening on your computer's ports.
- [Fast Syntax Highlighting](https://github.com/zdharma/fast-syntax-highlighting) - Fine granularity, number of features, 40 work hours themes.
- [cod](https://github.com/dim-an/cod) - Completion daemon for bash/zsh.
- [Zsh Nix Shell](https://github.com/chisui/zsh-nix-shell) - Use Zsh as the default nix-shell shell.

## Prompt

- [Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) - Minimal, blazing fast, and extremely customizable prompt for any shell.
- [Powerlevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k) - Emphasizes speed, flexibility and out-of-the-box experience.
- [Roadrunner](https://github.com/juanibiapina/roadrunner) - Fast and configurable prompt for shells.
- [powerline-rust](https://github.com/cirho/powerline-rust) - Altervative to powerline-shell. It's heavily inspired by it, but focuses on minimalizing time of execution.
- [silver](https://github.com/reujab/silver) - Cross-shell customizable powerline-like prompt with icons.
- [Go Bullet Train (GBT)](https://github.com/jtyr/gbt) - Highly configurable prompt builder for Bash, ZSH and PowerShell written in Go.

## Git

- [Zsh git fetch merge](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-git-fetch-merge) - Runs `git fetch upstream` & `git merge upstream/master`.
- [Git sync](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-git-sync) - Sync git repositories and clean them up.
- [Open PR](https://github.com/caarlos0/zsh-open-pr) - Open pull requests from command line.
- [Git add remote](https://github.com/caarlos0/git-add-remote) - Easily add remotes to git repositories.

## Links

- [Awesome Zsh Plugins](https://github.com/unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins#readme)
