programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/js-libraries.md, before:

# JS libraries

## Web Dev frameworks

- [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) - Framework for server-rendered or statically-exported React apps.
- [San](https://github.com/baidu/san) - Flexible JavaScript component framework.
- [hapi](https://hapijs.com/) - Rich framework for building applications and services.
- [Koa](https://koajs.com/#introduction) - Smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs.
- [Umi](https://github.com/umijs/umi) - Pluggable enterprise-level react application framework.
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - Progressive JavaScript Framework.
- [Mithril](https://mithril.js.org/) - Modern client-side Javascript framework for building Single Page Applications.
- [Solid](https://github.com/ryansolid/solid) - Declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- [Neutrino dev](https://github.com/mozilla-neutrino/neutrino-dev)
- [Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine) - Rugged, minimal framework for composing JavaScript behavior in your markup.
- [After.js](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/after.js) - Next.js-like framework for server-rendered React apps built with React Router 4.
- [Blitz](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz) - Framework for building monolithic, full-stack, serverless React apps with zero data-fetching and zero client-side state management.

## Animation

- [Anime.js](https://github.com/juliangarnier/anime) - JavaScript animation engine.
- [popmotion](https://github.com/Popmotion/popmotion) - Functional, reactive animation library.
- [impress.js](https://github.com/impress/impress.js) - Presentation framework based on the power of CSS3 transforms and transitions.
- [Pts](https://github.com/williamngan/pts) - Library for visualization and creative-coding.
- [lax.js](https://github.com/alexfoxy/laxxx) - Simple & light weight (<2kb gzipped) vanilla JS plugin to create smooth & beautiful animations when you scroll.
- [Flipping](https://github.com/davidkpiano/flipping) - Library (and collection of adapters) for implementing FLIP transitions.
- [Ola](https://github.com/franciscop/ola) - Smooth animation library for interpolating numbers.
- [react-spring](https://github.com/react-spring/react-spring) - Spring physics based React animation library.

## CLI

- [qoa](https://github.com/klaussinani/qoa) - Minimal interactive command-line prompts.

## State management

- [Mutik](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/mutik) - Tiny (495B) immutable state management library based on Immer.
- [Overmind](https://github.com/cerebral/overmind) - Frictionless state management.
- [Storeon](https://github.com/ai/storeon) - Tiny event-based Redux-like state manager for React and Preact.
- [Overstated](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/overstated) - React state management library that's delightful to use, without sacrificing performance or scalability.
- [Effector](https://github.com/zerobias/effector) - Reactive state manager. ([Awesome](https://github.com/ilyalesik/awesome-effector))
- [Akita](https://github.com/datorama/akita) - State Management Tailored-Made for JS Applications.
- [Observable Store](https://github.com/DanWahlin/Observable-Store) - Provides a simple way to manage state in Angular, React, Vue.js and other front-end applications.
- [Cerebral](https://github.com/cerebral/cerebral) - Declarative state and side effects management solution for popular JavaScript frameworks.
- [Hooksy](https://github.com/pie6k/hooksy) - State managment solution based on react hooks.

## API bindings

- [NodeJS Instagram private API client](https://github.com/dilame/instagram-private-api)

## Other

- [micro github](https://github.com/mxstbr/micro-github) - Tiny microservice that makes adding authentication with GitHub to your application easy.
- [pico.js](https://github.com/tehnokv/picojs) - Face detection library in 200 lines of JavaScript.
- [mdxc](https://github.com/jamesknelson/mdxc) - Use React Components within Markdown.
- [ReLaXeD](https://github.com/RelaxedJS/ReLaXed) - Create PDF documents using web technologies. ([Examples](https://github.com/RelaxedJS/ReLaXed-examples))
- [Dragula](https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula) - Drag and drop so simple it hurts.
- [Hammer.js](https://github.com/hammerjs/hammer.js) - Multi-touch gestures.
- [emittery](https://github.com/sindresorhus/emittery) - Simple and modern async event emitter.
- [Xstate](https://github.com/davidkpiano/xstate) - State machines and statecharts for the modern web.
- [virtual-scroller](https://github.com/valdrinkoshi/virtual-scroller) - Maps a provided set of JavaScript objects onto DOM nodes, and renders only the DOM nodes that are currently visible, leaving the rest "virtualized".
- [jSPDF](https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF) - Client-side JavaScript PDF generation for everyone.
- [ForgJS](https://github.com/oussamahamdaoui/forgJs) - JavaScript lightweight object validator.
- [faker.js](https://github.com/Marak/faker.js) - Generate massive amounts of realistic fake data in Node.js and the browser.
- [arg](https://github.com/zeit/arg) - Simple argument parsing.
- [fbt](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fbt) - JavaScript Internationalization Framework.
- [fuzzysearch](https://github.com/bevacqua/fuzzysearch) - Tiny and blazing-fast fuzzy search in JavaScript.
- [normalizr](https://github.com/paularmstrong/normalizr) - Normalizes nested JSON according to a schema.
- [FBJS](https://github.com/facebook/fbjs) - Collection of utility libraries used by other Facebook JS projects.
- [Uppy](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy) - Next open source file uploader for web browsers.
- [ScrollReveal](https://github.com/scrollreveal/scrollreveal) - Animate elements as they scroll into view.
- [Shiny](https://github.com/rikschennink/shiny) - Add shiny reflections to text, backgrounds, and borders on devices that support the DeviceMotion event.
- [Hotkey Behavior](https://github.com/github/hotkey) - Trigger a action on element when keyboard hotkey is pressed.
- [Bili](https://github.com/egoist/bili) - Makes it easier to bundle JavaScript libraries.
- [Memoizee](https://github.com/medikoo/memoizee) - Complete memoize/cache solution for JavaScript.
- [Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer/#async-producers) - Create the next immutable state by mutating the current one.
- [FlexSearch](https://github.com/nextapps-de/flexsearch) - Web's fastest and most memory-flexible full-text search library with zero dependencies.
- [cofx](https://github.com/neurosnap/cofx) - Node and javascript library that helps developers describe side-effects as data in a declarative, flexible API.
- [Mercury Parser](https://github.com/postlight/mercury-parser) - Extracts the bits that humans care about from any URL you give it.
- [Refract](https://github.com/fanduel-oss/refract) - Harness the power of reactive programming to supercharge your components.
- [MemJS](https://github.com/memcachier/memjs) - Memcache client for node using the binary protocol and SASL authentication.
- [memfs](https://github.com/streamich/memfs) - In-memory filesystem with Node's API.
- [Accounts](https://github.com/accounts-js/accounts) - Fullstack authentication and accounts-management for GraphQL and REST.
- [Cleave.js](https://github.com/nosir/cleave.js) - Format input text content when you are typing...
- [Unistore](https://github.com/developit/unistore) - Tiny 350b centralized state container with component bindings for Preact & React.
- [Ramda](https://github.com/ramda/ramda) - Practical functional library for JavaScript programmers.
- [fromfrom](https://github.com/tomi/fromfrom) - JS library written in TS to transform sequences of data from format to another.
- [Editor.js](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js) - Block-styled editor with clean JSON output.
- [ijk](https://github.com/lukejacksonn/ijk) - Transforms arrays into virtual DOM trees.
- [Cleave.js](https://github.com/nosir/cleave.js) - Format input text content when you are typing.
- [Oboe.js](https://github.com/jimhigson/oboe.js) - Streaming approach to JSON. Oboe.js speeds up web applications by providing parsed objects before the response completes.
- [Choices.js](https://github.com/jshjohnson/Choices) - Vanilla JS customisable select box/text input plugin.
- [Shepherd](https://github.com/shipshapecode/shepherd) - Guide your users through a tour of your app.
- [object-cull](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/object-cull) - Create a copy of an object with just the bits you actually need.
- [Sigma](https://github.com/jacomyal/sigma.js) - JavaScript library dedicated to graph drawing.
- [interact.js](https://github.com/taye/interact.js) - JavaScript drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
- [flru](https://github.com/lukeed/flru) - Tiny (215B) and fast Least Recently Used (LRU) cache.
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) - Dead simple Object schema validation.
- [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) - Tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages.
- [WikiJs](https://github.com/dijs/wiki) - Wikipedia Interface for Node.js.
- [virtual-audio-graph](https://github.com/benji6/virtual-audio-graph) - Library for declaratively manipulating the Web Audio API.
- [deep-object-diff](https://github.com/mattphillips/deep-object-diff) - Deep diffs two objects, including nested structures of arrays and objects, and returns the difference.
- [Snarkdown](https://github.com/developit/snarkdown) - Snarky 1kb Markdown parser written in JavaScript.
- [Terser](https://github.com/terser-js/terser) - JavaScript parser, mangler, optimizer and beautifier toolkit for ES6+.
- [AppAuthJS](https://github.com/openid/AppAuth-JS) - JavaScript client SDK for communicating with OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect providers.
- [tonal](https://github.com/tonaljs/tonal) - Functional music theory library for JavaScript.
- [expr-eval](https://github.com/silentmatt/expr-eval) - Mathematical expression evaluator in JavaScript.
- [robust-predicates](https://github.com/mourner/robust-predicates) - Fast robust predicates for computational geometry in JavaScript.
- [Sanctuary](https://github.com/sanctuary-js/sanctuary) - JavaScript functional programming library inspired by Haskell and PureScript.
- [modali](https://github.com/upmostly/modali) - Delightful modal dialog component for React, built from the ground up to support React Hooks.
- [Tweakpane](https://github.com/cocopon/tweakpane) - Compact GUI for fine-tuning parameters and monitoring value changes.
- [crocks](https://github.com/evilsoft/crocks) - Collection of well known Algebraic Data Types for your utter enjoyment.
- [Just](https://github.com/angus-c/just) - Library of zero-dependency npm modules that do just do one thing.
- [nanoid](https://github.com/ai/nanoid) - Tiny (139 bytes), secure, URL-friendly, unique string ID generator for JavaScript.
- [debug](https://github.com/visionmedia/debug) - Tiny JavaScript debugging utility modelled after Node.js core's debugging technique. Works in Node.js and web browsers.
- [roughViz.js](https://github.com/jwilber/roughViz) - Reusable JavaScript library for creating sketchy/hand-drawn styled charts in the browser.
- [Mitt](https://github.com/developit/mitt) - Tiny 200 byte functional event emitter / pubsub.
- [RequireJS](https://github.com/requirejs/requirejs) - File and module loader for JavaScript.
- [Zero](https://github.com/sinclairzx81/zero) - 3D graphics rendering pipeline. Implemented in JavaScript. Run in a terminal.
- [xstate-viz](https://github.com/statecharts/xstate-viz) - Visualize state charts.
- [htmr](https://github.com/pveyes/htmr) - Simple and lightweight (< 2kB) HTML string to React element conversion library.
- [react-jsx-parser](https://github.com/TroyAlford/react-jsx-parser) - React component which can parse JSX and output rendered React Components.
- [Static Land](https://github.com/fantasyland/static-land) - Specification for common algebraic structures in JavaScript based on Fantasy Land.
- [sorted-queue](https://github.com/jviide/sorted-queue) - Sorted queue, based on an array-backed binary heap.
- [polendina](https://github.com/rvagg/polendina) - Non-UI browser testing for JavaScript libraries from the command-line.
- [agadoo](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/agadoo) - Check whether a package is tree-shakeable.
- [Fielder](https://github.com/andyrichardson/fielder) - React form library which adapts to change.
- [lemonad](https://github.com/fogus/lemonad) - Functional programming library for JavaScript. An experiment in elegant JS.
- [Mockttp](https://github.com/httptoolkit/mockttp) - Lets you quickly & reliably test HTTP requests & responses in JavaScript, in both Node and browsers.
- [Flowy](https://github.com/alyssaxuu/flowy) - Minimal javascript library to create flowcharts.
- [d3-dag](https://github.com/erikbrinkman/d3-dag) - Layout algorithms for visualizing directed acyclic graphs.
- [renature](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/renature) - Physics-based animation library for React focused on modeling natural world forces.
- [Morphism](https://github.com/nobrainr/morphism) - Do not repeat anymore your objects transformations.
- [Tonic](https://github.com/optoolco/tonic) - Stable, Minimal, Auditable, Build-Tool-Free, Low Profile Component Framework.
- [Quiet.js](https://github.com/quiet/quiet-js) - Transmit data with sound using Web Audio -- Javascript binding for libquiet.
- [Bindery](https://github.com/evnbr/bindery) - Library for designing printable books with HTML and CSS.
- [Wretch](https://github.com/elbywan/wretch) - Tiny wrapper built around fetch with an intuitive syntax.
- [Virt.js](https://github.com/arcanis/virtjs) - Free collection of useful standard devices, that can be used to power various engine that makes use of the exposed interfaces.
- [Path-to-RegExp](https://github.com/pillarjs/path-to-regexp) - Turn a path string such as /user/:name into a regular expression.
- [Bacon.js](https://github.com/baconjs/bacon.js) - Functional reactive programming library for TypeScript and JavaScript.
- [GGEditor](https://github.com/alibaba/GGEditor) - Visual graph editor based on G6 and React.
- [fsm-as-promised](https://github.com/vstirbu/fsm-as-promised) - Finite state machine library using ES6 promises.
- [x-spreadsheet](https://github.com/myliang/x-spreadsheet) - Web-based JavaScript（canvas）spreadsheet.
- [IsoCity](https://github.com/victorqribeiro/isocity) - Isometric city builder in JavaScript.
- [car](https://github.com/pakastin/car) - Simple 2d car physics with JavaScript. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21927076))
- [Picomatch](https://github.com/micromatch/picomatch) - Blazing fast and accurate glob matcher written in JavaScript.
- [react-isomorphic-data](https://github.com/jackyef/react-isomorphic-data) - Easily fetch data in your React components, with similar APIs to react-apollo.
- [klona](https://github.com/lukeed/klona) - Tiny (228B) and fast utility to "deep clone" Objects, Arrays, Dates, RegExps, and more.
- [ScrollMagic](https://github.com/janpaepke/ScrollMagic) - JavaScript library for magical scroll interactions.
- [GoJS](https://gojs.net/latest/index.html) - JavaScript and TypeScript library for building interactive diagrams and graphs.
- [Rete](https://github.com/retejs/rete) - JavaScript framework for visual programming and creating node editor. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22024201))
- [Pre3d](https://github.com/deanm/pre3d) - JavaScript 3d rendering engine.
- [dancer.js](https://github.com/jsantell/dancer.js) - High-level audio API, designed to make sweet visualizations.
- [model-viewer](https://github.com/GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer) - Easily display interactive 3D models on the web and in AR.
- [Spars](https://github.com/TimvanScherpenzeel/spars) - General toolkit for creating interactive web experiences.
- [NeuroJS](https://github.com/janhuenermann/neurojs) - JavaScript deep learning and reinforcement learning library.
- [Hareactive](https://github.com/funkia/hareactive) - Purely functional reactive programming library.
- [Mirage JS](https://github.com/miragejs/miragejs) - Client-side server to develop, test and prototype your JavaScript app.
- [dfa](https://github.com/foliojs/dfa) - State machine compiler with regular expression style syntax.
- [Jtree](https://github.com/treenotation/jtree) - Tree Notation TypeScript/Javascript library.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/ojack/hydra) - Livecoding networked visuals in the browser.
- [p-queue](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-queue) - Promise queue with concurrency control.
- [gsheets](https://github.com/interactivethings/gsheets) - Get public Google Sheets as plain JavaScript/JSON.
- [alga-ts](https://github.com/YBogomolov/alga-ts) - Algebraic graphs implementation in TypeScript.
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) - Simple HTML5 Charts using the <canvas> tag. ([Awesome](https://github.com/chartjs/awesome#readme))
- [on-change](https://github.com/sindresorhus/on-change) - Watch an object or array for changes.
- [clean-set](https://github.com/fwilkerson/clean-set) - Deep assignment alternative to the object spread operator and Object.assign.
- [Search Query Syntax Parser](https://github.com/nepsilon/search-query-parser)
- [Uppload](https://github.com/elninotech/uppload) - Better JavaScript image uploader with 30+ plugins.
- [pino](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) - Super fast, all natural JSON logger.
- [Orbit](https://github.com/orbitjs/orbit) - Composable data framework for ambitious web applications.
- [panzoom](https://github.com/anvaka/panzoom) - Universal pan and zoom library (DOM, SVG, Custom).
- [intl-tel-input](https://github.com/jackocnr/intl-tel-input) - JavaScript plugin for entering and validating international telephone numbers.
- [three.js](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js) - JavaScript 3D library.
- [shortid](https://github.com/dylang/shortid) - Short id generator. Url-friendly. Non-predictable. Cluster-compatible.
- [styx](https://github.com/mariusschulz/styx) - Derives a control flow graph from a JavaScript AST.
- [Crossfilter](https://github.com/crossfilter/crossfilter) - JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
- [SiriWave](https://github.com/kopiro/siriwave) - Apple Siri wave-form replicated in a JS library.
- [Shades](https://github.com/jamesmcnamara/shades) - Lodash-inspired lens-like library for Javascript.
- [mxGraph](https://github.com/jgraph/mxgraph) - Fully client side JavaScript diagramming library.
- [cacache](https://github.com/npm/cacache) - Node.js library for managing local key and content address caches.
- [enhanced-resolve](https://github.com/webpack/enhanced-resolve) - Offers an async require.resolve function. It's highly configurable.
- [notevil](https://github.com/mmckegg/notevil) - Evalulate javascript like the built-in javascript eval() method but safely.
- [react-digraph](https://github.com/uber/react-digraph) - Library for creating directed graph editors.
- [bent](https://github.com/mikeal/bent) - Functional JS HTTP client (Node.js & Fetch) w/ async await.
- [CLUI](https://github.com/replit/clui) - Collection of JavaScript libraries for building command-line interfaces with context-aware autocomplete.
- [cosha](https://github.com/robinloeffel/cosha) - Colorful shadows for your images.
- [Rambda](https://github.com/selfrefactor/rambda) - Faster and smaller alternative to Ramda.
- [MathJax](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax-src) - Open-source JavaScript display engine for LaTeX, MathML, and AsciiMath notation that works in all modern browsers.

## Links

- [Awesome WebAudio](https://github.com/notthetup/awesome-webaudio#readme)

Commit message:

analytics api art drawing aws shaders vulkan courses blockchain databases design-inspiration figma icons economy finance rules risc-v fpga macOS neural-networks music-production music networking ssh nlp docker kubernetes other wiki-workflow philosophy physics c-libraries cpp-libraries javascript js-libraries react-components python-libraries rust-libraries rust swift-libraries typescript-libraries reverse-engineering git staying-on-top-of-things shell video static-sites webassembly webrtc remote-work

programming-languages/javascript/js-libraries/js-libraries.md, after:

# JS libraries

## Web Dev frameworks

- [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) - Framework for server-rendered or statically-exported React apps.
- [San](https://github.com/baidu/san) - Flexible JavaScript component framework.
- [hapi](https://hapijs.com/) - Rich framework for building applications and services.
- [Koa](https://koajs.com/#introduction) - Smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs.
- [Umi](https://github.com/umijs/umi) - Pluggable enterprise-level react application framework.
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - Progressive JavaScript Framework.
- [Mithril](https://mithril.js.org/) - Modern client-side Javascript framework for building Single Page Applications.
- [Solid](https://github.com/ryansolid/solid) - Declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- [Neutrino dev](https://github.com/mozilla-neutrino/neutrino-dev)
- [Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine) - Rugged, minimal framework for composing JavaScript behavior in your markup.
- [After.js](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/after.js) - Next.js-like framework for server-rendered React apps built with React Router 4.
- [Blitz](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz) - Framework for building monolithic, full-stack, serverless React apps with zero data-fetching and zero client-side state management.

## Animation

- [Anime.js](https://github.com/juliangarnier/anime) - JavaScript animation engine.
- [popmotion](https://github.com/Popmotion/popmotion) - Functional, reactive animation library.
- [impress.js](https://github.com/impress/impress.js) - Presentation framework based on the power of CSS3 transforms and transitions.
- [Pts](https://github.com/williamngan/pts) - Library for visualization and creative-coding.
- [lax.js](https://github.com/alexfoxy/laxxx) - Simple & light weight (<2kb gzipped) vanilla JS plugin to create smooth & beautiful animations when you scroll.
- [Flipping](https://github.com/davidkpiano/flipping) - Library (and collection of adapters) for implementing FLIP transitions.
- [Ola](https://github.com/franciscop/ola) - Smooth animation library for interpolating numbers.
- [react-spring](https://github.com/react-spring/react-spring) - Spring physics based React animation library.

## CLI

- [qoa](https://github.com/klaussinani/qoa) - Minimal interactive command-line prompts.

## State management

- [Mutik](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/mutik) - Tiny (495B) immutable state management library based on Immer.
- [Overmind](https://github.com/cerebral/overmind) - Frictionless state management.
- [Storeon](https://github.com/ai/storeon) - Tiny event-based Redux-like state manager for React and Preact.
- [Overstated](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/overstated) - React state management library that's delightful to use, without sacrificing performance or scalability.
- [Effector](https://github.com/zerobias/effector) - Reactive state manager. ([Awesome](https://github.com/ilyalesik/awesome-effector))
- [Akita](https://github.com/datorama/akita) - State Management Tailored-Made for JS Applications.
- [Observable Store](https://github.com/DanWahlin/Observable-Store) - Provides a simple way to manage state in Angular, React, Vue.js and other front-end applications.
- [Cerebral](https://github.com/cerebral/cerebral) - Declarative state and side effects management solution for popular JavaScript frameworks.
- [Hooksy](https://github.com/pie6k/hooksy) - State managment solution based on react hooks.

## API bindings

- [NodeJS Instagram private API client](https://github.com/dilame/instagram-private-api)

## Other

- [micro github](https://github.com/mxstbr/micro-github) - Tiny microservice that makes adding authentication with GitHub to your application easy.
- [pico.js](https://github.com/tehnokv/picojs) - Face detection library in 200 lines of JavaScript.
- [mdxc](https://github.com/jamesknelson/mdxc) - Use React Components within Markdown.
- [ReLaXeD](https://github.com/RelaxedJS/ReLaXed) - Create PDF documents using web technologies. ([Examples](https://github.com/RelaxedJS/ReLaXed-examples))
- [Dragula](https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula) - Drag and drop so simple it hurts.
- [Hammer.js](https://github.com/hammerjs/hammer.js) - Multi-touch gestures.
- [emittery](https://github.com/sindresorhus/emittery) - Simple and modern async event emitter.
- [Xstate](https://github.com/davidkpiano/xstate) - State machines and statecharts for the modern web.
- [xstate-component-tree](https://github.com/tivac/xstate-component-tree) - Build a tree of UI components based on your state chart.
- [virtual-scroller](https://github.com/valdrinkoshi/virtual-scroller) - Maps a provided set of JavaScript objects onto DOM nodes, and renders only the DOM nodes that are currently visible, leaving the rest "virtualized".
- [jSPDF](https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF) - Client-side JavaScript PDF generation for everyone.
- [ForgJS](https://github.com/oussamahamdaoui/forgJs) - JavaScript lightweight object validator.
- [faker.js](https://github.com/Marak/faker.js) - Generate massive amounts of realistic fake data in Node.js and the browser.
- [arg](https://github.com/zeit/arg) - Simple argument parsing.
- [fbt](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fbt) - JavaScript Internationalization Framework.
- [fuzzysearch](https://github.com/bevacqua/fuzzysearch) - Tiny and blazing-fast fuzzy search in JavaScript.
- [normalizr](https://github.com/paularmstrong/normalizr) - Normalizes nested JSON according to a schema.
- [FBJS](https://github.com/facebook/fbjs) - Collection of utility libraries used by other Facebook JS projects.
- [Uppy](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy) - Next open source file uploader for web browsers.
- [ScrollReveal](https://github.com/scrollreveal/scrollreveal) - Animate elements as they scroll into view.
- [Shiny](https://github.com/rikschennink/shiny) - Add shiny reflections to text, backgrounds, and borders on devices that support the DeviceMotion event.
- [Hotkey Behavior](https://github.com/github/hotkey) - Trigger a action on element when keyboard hotkey is pressed.
- [Bili](https://github.com/egoist/bili) - Makes it easier to bundle JavaScript libraries.
- [Memoizee](https://github.com/medikoo/memoizee) - Complete memoize/cache solution for JavaScript.
- [Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer/#async-producers) - Create the next immutable state by mutating the current one.
- [FlexSearch](https://github.com/nextapps-de/flexsearch) - Web's fastest and most memory-flexible full-text search library with zero dependencies.
- [cofx](https://github.com/neurosnap/cofx) - Node and javascript library that helps developers describe side-effects as data in a declarative, flexible API.
- [Mercury Parser](https://github.com/postlight/mercury-parser) - Extracts the bits that humans care about from any URL you give it.
- [Refract](https://github.com/fanduel-oss/refract) - Harness the power of reactive programming to supercharge your components.
- [MemJS](https://github.com/memcachier/memjs) - Memcache client for node using the binary protocol and SASL authentication.
- [memfs](https://github.com/streamich/memfs) - In-memory filesystem with Node's API.
- [Accounts](https://github.com/accounts-js/accounts) - Fullstack authentication and accounts-management for GraphQL and REST.
- [Cleave.js](https://github.com/nosir/cleave.js) - Format input text content when you are typing...
- [Unistore](https://github.com/developit/unistore) - Tiny 350b centralized state container with component bindings for Preact & React.
- [Ramda](https://github.com/ramda/ramda) - Practical functional library for JavaScript programmers.
- [fromfrom](https://github.com/tomi/fromfrom) - JS library written in TS to transform sequences of data from format to another.
- [Editor.js](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js) - Block-styled editor with clean JSON output.
- [ijk](https://github.com/lukejacksonn/ijk) - Transforms arrays into virtual DOM trees.
- [Cleave.js](https://github.com/nosir/cleave.js) - Format input text content when you are typing.
- [Oboe.js](https://github.com/jimhigson/oboe.js) - Streaming approach to JSON. Oboe.js speeds up web applications by providing parsed objects before the response completes.
- [Choices.js](https://github.com/jshjohnson/Choices) - Vanilla JS customisable select box/text input plugin.
- [Shepherd](https://github.com/shipshapecode/shepherd) - Guide your users through a tour of your app.
- [object-cull](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/object-cull) - Create a copy of an object with just the bits you actually need.
- [Sigma](https://github.com/jacomyal/sigma.js) - JavaScript library dedicated to graph drawing.
- [interact.js](https://github.com/taye/interact.js) - JavaScript drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
- [flru](https://github.com/lukeed/flru) - Tiny (215B) and fast Least Recently Used (LRU) cache.
- [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) - Dead simple Object schema validation.
- [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) - Tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages.
- [WikiJs](https://github.com/dijs/wiki) - Wikipedia Interface for Node.js.
- [virtual-audio-graph](https://github.com/benji6/virtual-audio-graph) - Library for declaratively manipulating the Web Audio API.
- [deep-object-diff](https://github.com/mattphillips/deep-object-diff) - Deep diffs two objects, including nested structures of arrays and objects, and returns the difference.
- [Snarkdown](https://github.com/developit/snarkdown) - Snarky 1kb Markdown parser written in JavaScript.
- [Terser](https://github.com/terser-js/terser) - JavaScript parser, mangler, optimizer and beautifier toolkit for ES6+.
- [AppAuthJS](https://github.com/openid/AppAuth-JS) - JavaScript client SDK for communicating with OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect providers.
- [tonal](https://github.com/tonaljs/tonal) - Functional music theory library for JavaScript.
- [expr-eval](https://github.com/silentmatt/expr-eval) - Mathematical expression evaluator in JavaScript.
- [robust-predicates](https://github.com/mourner/robust-predicates) - Fast robust predicates for computational geometry in JavaScript.
- [Sanctuary](https://github.com/sanctuary-js/sanctuary) - JavaScript functional programming library inspired by Haskell and PureScript.
- [modali](https://github.com/upmostly/modali) - Delightful modal dialog component for React, built from the ground up to support React Hooks.
- [Tweakpane](https://github.com/cocopon/tweakpane) - Compact GUI for fine-tuning parameters and monitoring value changes.
- [crocks](https://github.com/evilsoft/crocks) - Collection of well known Algebraic Data Types for your utter enjoyment.
- [Just](https://github.com/angus-c/just) - Library of zero-dependency npm modules that do just do one thing.
- [nanoid](https://github.com/ai/nanoid) - Tiny (139 bytes), secure, URL-friendly, unique string ID generator for JavaScript.
- [debug](https://github.com/visionmedia/debug) - Tiny JavaScript debugging utility modelled after Node.js core's debugging technique. Works in Node.js and web browsers.
- [roughViz.js](https://github.com/jwilber/roughViz) - Reusable JavaScript library for creating sketchy/hand-drawn styled charts in the browser.
- [Mitt](https://github.com/developit/mitt) - Tiny 200 byte functional event emitter / pubsub.
- [RequireJS](https://github.com/requirejs/requirejs) - File and module loader for JavaScript.
- [Zero](https://github.com/sinclairzx81/zero) - 3D graphics rendering pipeline. Implemented in JavaScript. Run in a terminal.
- [xstate-viz](https://github.com/statecharts/xstate-viz) - Visualize state charts.
- [htmr](https://github.com/pveyes/htmr) - Simple and lightweight (< 2kB) HTML string to React element conversion library.
- [react-jsx-parser](https://github.com/TroyAlford/react-jsx-parser) - React component which can parse JSX and output rendered React Components.
- [Static Land](https://github.com/fantasyland/static-land) - Specification for common algebraic structures in JavaScript based on Fantasy Land.
- [sorted-queue](https://github.com/jviide/sorted-queue) - Sorted queue, based on an array-backed binary heap.
- [polendina](https://github.com/rvagg/polendina) - Non-UI browser testing for JavaScript libraries from the command-line.
- [agadoo](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/agadoo) - Check whether a package is tree-shakeable.
- [Fielder](https://github.com/andyrichardson/fielder) - React form library which adapts to change.
- [lemonad](https://github.com/fogus/lemonad) - Functional programming library for JavaScript. An experiment in elegant JS.
- [Mockttp](https://github.com/httptoolkit/mockttp) - Lets you quickly & reliably test HTTP requests & responses in JavaScript, in both Node and browsers.
- [Flowy](https://github.com/alyssaxuu/flowy) - Minimal javascript library to create flowcharts.
- [d3-dag](https://github.com/erikbrinkman/d3-dag) - Layout algorithms for visualizing directed acyclic graphs.
- [renature](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/renature) - Physics-based animation library for React focused on modeling natural world forces.
- [Morphism](https://github.com/nobrainr/morphism) - Do not repeat anymore your objects transformations.
- [Tonic](https://github.com/optoolco/tonic) - Stable, Minimal, Auditable, Build-Tool-Free, Low Profile Component Framework.
- [Quiet.js](https://github.com/quiet/quiet-js) - Transmit data with sound using Web Audio -- Javascript binding for libquiet.
- [Bindery](https://github.com/evnbr/bindery) - Library for designing printable books with HTML and CSS.
- [Wretch](https://github.com/elbywan/wretch) - Tiny wrapper built around fetch with an intuitive syntax.
- [Virt.js](https://github.com/arcanis/virtjs) - Free collection of useful standard devices, that can be used to power various engine that makes use of the exposed interfaces.
- [Path-to-RegExp](https://github.com/pillarjs/path-to-regexp) - Turn a path string such as /user/:name into a regular expression.
- [Bacon.js](https://github.com/baconjs/bacon.js) - Functional reactive programming library for TypeScript and JavaScript.
- [GGEditor](https://github.com/alibaba/GGEditor) - Visual graph editor based on G6 and React.
- [fsm-as-promised](https://github.com/vstirbu/fsm-as-promised) - Finite state machine library using ES6 promises.
- [x-spreadsheet](https://github.com/myliang/x-spreadsheet) - Web-based JavaScript（canvas）spreadsheet.
- [IsoCity](https://github.com/victorqribeiro/isocity) - Isometric city builder in JavaScript.
- [car](https://github.com/pakastin/car) - Simple 2d car physics with JavaScript. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21927076))
- [Picomatch](https://github.com/micromatch/picomatch) - Blazing fast and accurate glob matcher written in JavaScript.
- [react-isomorphic-data](https://github.com/jackyef/react-isomorphic-data) - Easily fetch data in your React components, with similar APIs to react-apollo.
- [klona](https://github.com/lukeed/klona) - Tiny (228B) and fast utility to "deep clone" Objects, Arrays, Dates, RegExps, and more.
- [ScrollMagic](https://github.com/janpaepke/ScrollMagic) - JavaScript library for magical scroll interactions.
- [GoJS](https://gojs.net/latest/index.html) - JavaScript and TypeScript library for building interactive diagrams and graphs.
- [Rete](https://github.com/retejs/rete) - JavaScript framework for visual programming and creating node editor. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22024201))
- [Pre3d](https://github.com/deanm/pre3d) - JavaScript 3d rendering engine.
- [dancer.js](https://github.com/jsantell/dancer.js) - High-level audio API, designed to make sweet visualizations.
- [model-viewer](https://github.com/GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer) - Easily display interactive 3D models on the web and in AR.
- [Spars](https://github.com/TimvanScherpenzeel/spars) - General toolkit for creating interactive web experiences.
- [NeuroJS](https://github.com/janhuenermann/neurojs) - JavaScript deep learning and reinforcement learning library.
- [Hareactive](https://github.com/funkia/hareactive) - Purely functional reactive programming library.
- [Mirage JS](https://github.com/miragejs/miragejs) - Client-side server to develop, test and prototype your JavaScript app.
- [dfa](https://github.com/foliojs/dfa) - State machine compiler with regular expression style syntax.
- [Jtree](https://github.com/treenotation/jtree) - Tree Notation TypeScript/Javascript library.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/ojack/hydra) - Livecoding networked visuals in the browser.
- [p-queue](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-queue) - Promise queue with concurrency control.
- [gsheets](https://github.com/interactivethings/gsheets) - Get public Google Sheets as plain JavaScript/JSON.
- [alga-ts](https://github.com/YBogomolov/alga-ts) - Algebraic graphs implementation in TypeScript.
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) - Simple HTML5 Charts using the <canvas> tag. ([Awesome](https://github.com/chartjs/awesome#readme))
- [on-change](https://github.com/sindresorhus/on-change) - Watch an object or array for changes.
- [clean-set](https://github.com/fwilkerson/clean-set) - Deep assignment alternative to the object spread operator and Object.assign.
- [Search Query Syntax Parser](https://github.com/nepsilon/search-query-parser)
- [Uppload](https://github.com/elninotech/uppload) - Better JavaScript image uploader with 30+ plugins.
- [pino](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) - Super fast, all natural JSON logger.
- [Orbit](https://github.com/orbitjs/orbit) - Composable data framework for ambitious web applications.
- [panzoom](https://github.com/anvaka/panzoom) - Universal pan and zoom library (DOM, SVG, Custom).
- [intl-tel-input](https://github.com/jackocnr/intl-tel-input) - JavaScript plugin for entering and validating international telephone numbers.
- [three.js](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js) - JavaScript 3D library.
- [shortid](https://github.com/dylang/shortid) - Short id generator. Url-friendly. Non-predictable. Cluster-compatible.
- [styx](https://github.com/mariusschulz/styx) - Derives a control flow graph from a JavaScript AST.
- [Crossfilter](https://github.com/crossfilter/crossfilter) - JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
- [SiriWave](https://github.com/kopiro/siriwave) - Apple Siri wave-form replicated in a JS library.
- [Shades](https://github.com/jamesmcnamara/shades) - Lodash-inspired lens-like library for Javascript.
- [mxGraph](https://github.com/jgraph/mxgraph) - Fully client side JavaScript diagramming library.
- [cacache](https://github.com/npm/cacache) - Node.js library for managing local key and content address caches.
- [enhanced-resolve](https://github.com/webpack/enhanced-resolve) - Offers an async require.resolve function. It's highly configurable.
- [notevil](https://github.com/mmckegg/notevil) - Evalulate javascript like the built-in javascript eval() method but safely.
- [react-digraph](https://github.com/uber/react-digraph) - Library for creating directed graph editors.
- [bent](https://github.com/mikeal/bent) - Functional JS HTTP client (Node.js & Fetch) w/ async await.
- [CLUI](https://github.com/replit/clui) - Collection of JavaScript libraries for building command-line interfaces with context-aware autocomplete.
- [cosha](https://github.com/robinloeffel/cosha) - Colorful shadows for your images.
- [Rambda](https://github.com/selfrefactor/rambda) - Faster and smaller alternative to Ramda.
- [MathJax](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax-src) - Open-source JavaScript display engine for LaTeX, MathML, and AsciiMath notation that works in all modern browsers.

## Links

- [Awesome WebAudio](https://github.com/notthetup/awesome-webaudio#readme)
