databases/blockchain/blockchain.md, before:

# [Blockchain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain)

In short, blockchain is a [immutable linked list of hashes](https://www.quora.com/Is-a-blockchain-essentially-a-linked-list?share=1). Which can be used to solve the double spending problem in cryptocurrencies using proof of work (or other methods) and a persistent chain of records (blocks mined).

## Consensus algorithms

- PoW: The more hashing power the more trust worthy.
- PoS: The more coins the more trust worthy.
- PBFT: Hand selected trusted nodes.
- Randomized asynchronous algorithm: You trust nobody! Every single node is constantly re-evaluated. ([Skycoin](https://www.skycoin.net))

## Interesting applications

- [Horizon State](https://horizonstate.com/) - Digital voting.
- [Blockstack](https://blockstack.org/) - Decentralized apps on Blockstack let you own your data so you can maintain your privacy, security and freedom.
- [Cardano](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-sl/) - Cryptographic currency implementing Ouroboros PoS protocol.
- [Iden3](https://iden3.io/) - Decentralized identity management solution.
- [Gnosis](https://gnosis.io/) - Through blockchain-based, decentralized platforms, we enable the redistribution of resources—from assets to incentives, and information to ideas.
- [Digital Asset](https://digitalasset.com/) - Automate and synchronize business processes.
- [Purple Protocol](https://purpleprotocol.org/) - Global Decentralized Ledger Infrastructure.

## Notes

- [As blockchain scalability gets better and better, and UX improves and fees drop as a result, this will become a bigger and bigger part of the story.](https://twitter.com/vitalikbuterin/status/1072158957999771648)

## Links

- [Let's build a blockchain! — A mini-cryptocurrency in Ruby (Haseeb Qureshi) (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aJI1ABdjQk) - Great intro to blockchain.
- [What is blockchain](https://oleganza.com/all/what-is-blockchain/)
- [18 Blockchain Predictions for 2018](https://media.consensys.net/18-predictions-for-2018-7a376ea7bd4b)
- [Learn Blockchain in 2 months](https://github.com/llSourcell/Learn_Blockchain_in_2_months#readme)
- [Emerging New Trends in Blockchain Technologies](https://blog.coinfabrik.com/emerging-new-trends-blockchain-technologies/)
- [Mechanism design challenges in cryptocurrency and blockchains by Buterin Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MLwN2-pBufDmUNprf-r8LXFCm1Ua8skphzDTNPTaiUQ/edit#slide=id.p)
- [Edward Snowden Explains Blockchain to His Lawyer — and the Rest of Us](https://www.aclu.org/blog/privacy-technology/internet-privacy/edward-snowden-explains-blockchain-his-lawyer-and-rest-us)
- [EOS](https://github.com/EOSIO/eos) - Open source smart contract platform.
- [The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) - Discover subgraphs by the leading projects in the Web3 ecosystem. All this data is immediately available for querying using GraphQL.
- [IELE Semantics](https://github.com/runtimeverification/iele-semantics) - Semantics of Virtual Machine for IELE prototype blockchain.
- [Why Blockchain Could (One Day) Topple Google (2017)](http://rbharath.github.io/why-blockchain-could-one-day-topple-google/)
- [Squeezer Framework](https://github.com/SqueezerIO/squeezer) - Build serverless dApps.
- [Castle Island Ventures](http://www.castleisland.vc/) - Venture capital firm focused exclusively on public blockchains.
- [Zero knowledge podcast](https://www.zeroknowledge.fm/)
- [Ara](https://ara.one/) - Blockchain powered global rewards system.
- [Understanding Blockchain Technologies — A Comprehensive Guide (2019)](https://medium.com/@urlichsanais/understanding-blockchain-technologies-a-comprehensive-guide-ce4ecdee25d2)
- [Hedera Hashgraph](https://www.hedera.com/) - Enterprise-grade public network for decentralized applications.
- [Toychain](https://github.com/certichain/toychain) - Minimalistic blockchain consensus implemented and verified in Coq.
- [Scilla](https://github.com/Zilliqa/scilla) - Smart Contract Intermediate Level Language.
- [HotStuff: BFT Consensus in the Lens of Blockchain (2018)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.05069)
- [Full Node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/jormungandr) - Aspiring blockchain node.
- [Concordium](https://www.concordium.com/) - Improved smart contract platform and ecosystem for real-world businesses.
- [NEAR Protocol](https://github.com/nearprotocol/nearcore) - Scalable and usable blockchain.
- [Harmony](https://github.com/harmony-one/harmony) - Core protocol of harmony.
- [DAML smart contract language](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml)
- [Solana](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana) - New blockchain architecture built from the ground up for scale. The architecture supports up to 710 thousand transactions per second on a gigabit network.
- [go-algorand](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand) - Algorand's official implementation in Go.
- [MIT: Blockchain and Money (2018)](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/sloan-school-of-management/15-s12-blockchain-and-money-fall-2018/) ([Lectures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH6vE97qIP4))

Commit message:

art funding compilers computer-science blockchain fonts grpc rules game-engines ideas go-libraries haskell ocaml-libraries rust-libraries programming tools web-performance markdown

databases/blockchain/blockchain.md, after:

# [Blockchain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain)

In short, blockchain is a [immutable linked list of hashes](https://www.quora.com/Is-a-blockchain-essentially-a-linked-list?share=1). Which can be used to solve the double spending problem in cryptocurrencies using proof of work (or other methods) and a persistent chain of records (blocks mined).

## Consensus algorithms

- PoW: The more hashing power the more trust worthy.
- PoS: The more coins the more trust worthy.
- PBFT: Hand selected trusted nodes.
- Randomized asynchronous algorithm: You trust nobody! Every single node is constantly re-evaluated. ([Skycoin](https://www.skycoin.net))

## Interesting applications

- [Horizon State](https://horizonstate.com/) - Digital voting.
- [Blockstack](https://blockstack.org/) - Decentralized apps on Blockstack let you own your data so you can maintain your privacy, security and freedom.
- [Cardano](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-sl/) - Cryptographic currency implementing Ouroboros PoS protocol.
- [Iden3](https://iden3.io/) - Decentralized identity management solution.
- [Gnosis](https://gnosis.io/) - Through blockchain-based, decentralized platforms, we enable the redistribution of resources—from assets to incentives, and information to ideas.
- [Digital Asset](https://digitalasset.com/) - Automate and synchronize business processes.
- [Purple Protocol](https://purpleprotocol.org/) - Global Decentralized Ledger Infrastructure.
- [Slingshot](https://github.com/stellar/slingshot) - New blockchain architecture under active development, with a strong focus on scalability, privacy and safety.

## Notes

- [As blockchain scalability gets better and better, and UX improves and fees drop as a result, this will become a bigger and bigger part of the story.](https://twitter.com/vitalikbuterin/status/1072158957999771648)

## Links

- [Let's build a blockchain! — A mini-cryptocurrency in Ruby (Haseeb Qureshi) (2017)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aJI1ABdjQk) - Great intro to blockchain.
- [What is blockchain](https://oleganza.com/all/what-is-blockchain/)
- [18 Blockchain Predictions for 2018](https://media.consensys.net/18-predictions-for-2018-7a376ea7bd4b)
- [Learn Blockchain in 2 months](https://github.com/llSourcell/Learn_Blockchain_in_2_months#readme)
- [Emerging New Trends in Blockchain Technologies](https://blog.coinfabrik.com/emerging-new-trends-blockchain-technologies/)
- [Mechanism design challenges in cryptocurrency and blockchains by Buterin Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MLwN2-pBufDmUNprf-r8LXFCm1Ua8skphzDTNPTaiUQ/edit#slide=id.p)
- [Edward Snowden Explains Blockchain to His Lawyer — and the Rest of Us](https://www.aclu.org/blog/privacy-technology/internet-privacy/edward-snowden-explains-blockchain-his-lawyer-and-rest-us)
- [EOS](https://github.com/EOSIO/eos) - Open source smart contract platform.
- [The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) - Discover subgraphs by the leading projects in the Web3 ecosystem. All this data is immediately available for querying using GraphQL.
- [IELE Semantics](https://github.com/runtimeverification/iele-semantics) - Semantics of Virtual Machine for IELE prototype blockchain.
- [Why Blockchain Could (One Day) Topple Google (2017)](http://rbharath.github.io/why-blockchain-could-one-day-topple-google/)
- [Squeezer Framework](https://github.com/SqueezerIO/squeezer) - Build serverless dApps.
- [Castle Island Ventures](http://www.castleisland.vc/) - Venture capital firm focused exclusively on public blockchains.
- [Zero knowledge podcast](https://www.zeroknowledge.fm/)
- [Ara](https://ara.one/) - Blockchain powered global rewards system.
- [Understanding Blockchain Technologies — A Comprehensive Guide (2019)](https://medium.com/@urlichsanais/understanding-blockchain-technologies-a-comprehensive-guide-ce4ecdee25d2)
- [Hedera Hashgraph](https://www.hedera.com/) - Enterprise-grade public network for decentralized applications.
- [Toychain](https://github.com/certichain/toychain) - Minimalistic blockchain consensus implemented and verified in Coq.
- [Scilla](https://github.com/Zilliqa/scilla) - Smart Contract Intermediate Level Language.
- [HotStuff: BFT Consensus in the Lens of Blockchain (2018)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.05069)
- [Full Node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/jormungandr) - Aspiring blockchain node.
- [Concordium](https://www.concordium.com/) - Improved smart contract platform and ecosystem for real-world businesses.
- [NEAR Protocol](https://github.com/nearprotocol/nearcore) - Scalable and usable blockchain.
- [Harmony](https://github.com/harmony-one/harmony) - Core protocol of harmony.
- [DAML smart contract language](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml)
- [Solana](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana) - New blockchain architecture built from the ground up for scale. The architecture supports up to 710 thousand transactions per second on a gigabit network.
- [go-algorand](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand) - Algorand's official implementation in Go.
- [MIT: Blockchain and Money (2018)](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/sloan-school-of-management/15-s12-blockchain-and-money-fall-2018/) ([Lectures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH6vE97qIP4))
