computer-graphics/shaders.md, before:

# [Shaders](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shader)

## Links

- [Euc](https://github.com/zesterer/euc) - Software rendering crate that lets you write shaders with Rust.
- [The Book of Shaders](https://thebookofshaders.com/) - Gentle step-by-step guide through the abstract and complex universe of Fragment Shaders.
- [ShaderLand](http://shaderland.com/)
- [3D Game Shaders For Beginners](https://github.com/lettier/3d-game-shaders-for-beginners#readme) - Step-by-step guide on how to implement SSAO, depth of field, lighting, normal mapping, and more for your 3D game.
- [Playing around with shaders (2019)](https://bou.ke/blog/shaders/)
- [Open Shading Language](https://github.com/imageworks/OpenShadingLanguage) - Advanced shading language for production GI renderers.
- [SHADERed](https://github.com/dfranx/SHADERed) - Lightweight, cross-platform & full-featured desktop tool for creating and testing HLSL and GLSL shaders.
- [Getting started with shaders: signed distance functions (2020)](https://jvns.ca/blog/2020/03/15/writing-shaders-with-signed-distance-functions/)

Commit message:

genomics computer-graphics shaders future games react rust-libraries standard-ml programming

computer-graphics/shaders.md, after:

# [Shaders](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shader)

## Links

- [Shader Toy](https://www.shadertoy.com/) - Build and Share your best shaders with the world and get inspired.
- [Euc](https://github.com/zesterer/euc) - Software rendering crate that lets you write shaders with Rust.
- [The Book of Shaders](https://thebookofshaders.com/) - Gentle step-by-step guide through the abstract and complex universe of Fragment Shaders.
- [ShaderLand](http://shaderland.com/)
- [3D Game Shaders For Beginners](https://github.com/lettier/3d-game-shaders-for-beginners#readme) - Step-by-step guide on how to implement SSAO, depth of field, lighting, normal mapping, and more for your 3D game.
- [Playing around with shaders (2019)](https://bou.ke/blog/shaders/)
- [Open Shading Language](https://github.com/imageworks/OpenShadingLanguage) - Advanced shading language for production GI renderers.
- [SHADERed](https://github.com/dfranx/SHADERed) - Lightweight, cross-platform & full-featured desktop tool for creating and testing HLSL and GLSL shaders.
- [Getting started with shaders: signed distance functions (2020)](https://jvns.ca/blog/2020/03/15/writing-shaders-with-signed-distance-functions/)
