programming-languages/haskell/haskell-libraries/haskell-libraries.md, before:

# Haskell libraries

## Web

- [scotty](https://github.com/scotty-web/scotty)
- [servant](https://github.com/haskell-servant/servant) - DSL for describing, serving, querying, mocking, documenting web applications and more.
- [WAI](https://github.com/yesodweb/wai) - Interface between Haskell web frameworks and web servers.
- [Mu](https://github.com/higherkindness/mu-haskell) - Purely functional framework for building micro services.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/graninas/Hydra) - Full-fledged framework for building web services, multithreaded and concurrent applications with SQL and KV DB support.

## DB

- [PostgreSQL ORM](https://github.com/alevy/postgresql-orm) - Haskell ORM (Object Relational Mapping) and migrations DSL for PostgreSQL.
- [Squeal](https://github.com/morphismtech/squeal) - Deep embedding of SQL in Haskell.

## Test

- [QuickCheck](https://github.com/nick8325/quickcheck) - Library for random testing of program properties.

## Other

- [generic-lens](https://github.com/kcsongor/generic-lens) - Generically derive traversals, lenses, and prisms.
- [freer-simple](https://github.com/lexi-lambda/freer-simple) - Friendly effect system for Haskell.
- [Capability](https://github.com/tweag/capability) - Extensional capabilities and deriving combinators.
- [Req](https://github.com/mrkkrp/req) - Easy-to-use, type-safe, expandable, high-level HTTP client library.
- [silica](https://github.com/mrkgnao/silica) - Haskell optics with type errors useful enough to teach people.
- [aeson](https://github.com/bos/aeson) - Fast Haskell JSON library.
- [proto-lens](https://github.com/google/proto-lens) - API for protocol buffers using modern Haskell language and library patterns.
- [dynamic](https://github.com/chrisdone/dynamic) - Dynamic typing in Haskell.
- [free](https://github.com/ekmett/free) - Provides a common definitions for working with free monads, free applicatives, and cofree comonads in Haskell.
- [inline-js](https://github.com/tweag/inline-js) - Run JavaScript in Haskell.
- [fused-effects](https://github.com/fused-effects/fused-effects) - Fast, flexible, fused effect system for Haskell.
- [concat](https://github.com/conal/concat) - Compiling to Categories.
- [polysemy](https://github.com/polysemy-research/polysemy) - Higher-order, no-boilerplate, zero-cost monads.
- [optics](https://github.com/well-typed/optics) - Family of Haskell packages make it possible to define and use Lenses, Traversals, Prisms and other optics, using an abstract interface.
- [Duckling](https://github.com/facebook/duckling) - Haskell library that parses text into structured data.
- [Esqueleto](https://github.com/bitemyapp/esqueleto) - Bare bones, type-safe EDSL for SQL queries that works with unmodified persistent SQL backends.
- [Selda](https://github.com/valderman/selda) - Type-safe, high-level SQL library for Haskell.
- [Hasktorch](https://github.com/hasktorch/hasktorch) - Tensors and neural networks in Haskell.
- [eff](https://github.com/hasura/eff) - Work-in-progress implementation of an extensible effect system for Haskell, a general-purpose solution for tracking effects at the type level and handling them in flexible ways.
- [hmatrix](https://github.com/haskell-numerics/hmatrix) - Linear algebra and numerical computation.
- [Alex](https://www.haskell.org/alex/) - Lexical analyser generator for Haskell. ([Code](https://github.com/simonmar/alex))
- [Megaparsec](https://github.com/mrkkrp/megaparsec) - Industrial-strength monadic parser combinator library.
- [containers](https://github.com/haskell/containers) - Assorted concrete container types.
- [relude](https://github.com/kowainik/relude) - Safe, performant, user-friendly and lightweight Haskell standard library.
- [hypertypes](https://github.com/lamdu/hypertypes) - Types parameterised by hypertypes.
- [propagators](https://github.com/ekmett/propagators) - The Art of the Propagator.

## Links

- [Hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/) - Haskell Package Repository. ([Code](https://github.com/haskell/hackage-server))
- [Aelve Haskell packages search](https://codesearch.aelve.com/haskell) - Grep over package repositories.

Commit message:

raspberry-pi ml-libraries music haskell-libraries

programming-languages/haskell/haskell-libraries/haskell-libraries.md, after:

# Haskell libraries

## Web

- [scotty](https://github.com/scotty-web/scotty)
- [servant](https://github.com/haskell-servant/servant) - DSL for describing, serving, querying, mocking, documenting web applications and more.
- [WAI](https://github.com/yesodweb/wai) - Interface between Haskell web frameworks and web servers.
- [Mu](https://github.com/higherkindness/mu-haskell) - Purely functional framework for building micro services.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/graninas/Hydra) - Full-fledged framework for building web services, multithreaded and concurrent applications with SQL and KV DB support.

## DB

- [PostgreSQL ORM](https://github.com/alevy/postgresql-orm) - Haskell ORM (Object Relational Mapping) and migrations DSL for PostgreSQL.
- [Squeal](https://github.com/morphismtech/squeal) - Deep embedding of SQL in Haskell.

## Test

- [QuickCheck](https://github.com/nick8325/quickcheck) - Library for random testing of program properties.

## Other

- [generic-lens](https://github.com/kcsongor/generic-lens) - Generically derive traversals, lenses, and prisms.
- [freer-simple](https://github.com/lexi-lambda/freer-simple) - Friendly effect system for Haskell.
- [Capability](https://github.com/tweag/capability) - Extensional capabilities and deriving combinators.
- [Req](https://github.com/mrkkrp/req) - Easy-to-use, type-safe, expandable, high-level HTTP client library.
- [silica](https://github.com/mrkgnao/silica) - Haskell optics with type errors useful enough to teach people.
- [aeson](https://github.com/bos/aeson) - Fast Haskell JSON library.
- [proto-lens](https://github.com/google/proto-lens) - API for protocol buffers using modern Haskell language and library patterns.
- [dynamic](https://github.com/chrisdone/dynamic) - Dynamic typing in Haskell.
- [free](https://github.com/ekmett/free) - Provides a common definitions for working with free monads, free applicatives, and cofree comonads in Haskell.
- [inline-js](https://github.com/tweag/inline-js) - Run JavaScript in Haskell.
- [fused-effects](https://github.com/fused-effects/fused-effects) - Fast, flexible, fused effect system for Haskell.
- [concat](https://github.com/conal/concat) - Compiling to Categories.
- [polysemy](https://github.com/polysemy-research/polysemy) - Higher-order, no-boilerplate, zero-cost monads.
- [optics](https://github.com/well-typed/optics) - Family of Haskell packages make it possible to define and use Lenses, Traversals, Prisms and other optics, using an abstract interface.
- [Duckling](https://github.com/facebook/duckling) - Haskell library that parses text into structured data.
- [Esqueleto](https://github.com/bitemyapp/esqueleto) - Bare bones, type-safe EDSL for SQL queries that works with unmodified persistent SQL backends.
- [Selda](https://github.com/valderman/selda) - Type-safe, high-level SQL library for Haskell.
- [Hasktorch](https://github.com/hasktorch/hasktorch) - Tensors and neural networks in Haskell.
- [eff](https://github.com/hasura/eff) - Work-in-progress implementation of an extensible effect system for Haskell, a general-purpose solution for tracking effects at the type level and handling them in flexible ways.
- [hmatrix](https://github.com/haskell-numerics/hmatrix) - Linear algebra and numerical computation.
- [Alex](https://www.haskell.org/alex/) - Lexical analyser generator for Haskell. ([Code](https://github.com/simonmar/alex))
- [Megaparsec](https://github.com/mrkkrp/megaparsec) - Industrial-strength monadic parser combinator library.
- [containers](https://github.com/haskell/containers) - Assorted concrete container types.
- [relude](https://github.com/kowainik/relude) - Safe, performant, user-friendly and lightweight Haskell standard library.
- [hypertypes](https://github.com/lamdu/hypertypes) - Types parameterised by hypertypes.
- [propagators](https://github.com/ekmett/propagators) - The Art of the Propagator.
- [Blarney](https://github.com/mn416/blarney) - Haskell library for hardware description that builds a range of HDL abstractions on top of a small set of core circuit primitives.

## Links

- [Hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/) - Haskell Package Repository. ([Code](https://github.com/haskell/hackage-server))
- [Aelve Haskell packages search](https://codesearch.aelve.com/haskell) - Grep over package repositories.
