compilers/build-systems/build-systems.md, before:

# Build systems

## Links

- [Please](https://github.com/thought-machine/please) - High-performance extensible build system for reproducible builds.
- [sbt](https://github.com/sbt/sbt) - Build tool for Scala, Java, and more.
- [Tundra](https://github.com/deplinenoise/tundra) - Code build system that tries to be accurate and fast for incremental builds.
- [gg](https://github.com/StanfordSNR/gg) - The Stanford Builder.
- [mmake](https://github.com/tj/mmake) - Small program which wraps make to provide additional functionality, such as user-friendly help output, remote includes, and eventually more. It otherwise acts as a pass-through to standard make.
- [Build Systems a la Carte](https://github.com/snowleopard/build) - Provides an executable framework for developing and comparing build systems, viewing them as related points in landscape rather than as isolated phenomena.
- [checkmake](https://github.com/mrtazz/checkmake) - Experimental linter/analyzer for Makefiles.
- [CMake](https://cmake.org/) - Build, test and package software.
- [Effective Modern CMake](https://gist.github.com/mbinna/c61dbb39bca0e4fb7d1f73b0d66a4fd1)
- [CMake Scripts](https://github.com/StableCoder/cmake-scripts) - Selection of useful scripts for use in CMake projects.
- [BLT](https://github.com/LLNL/blt) - Streamlined CMake-based foundation for Building, Linking and Testing large-scale high performance computing (HPC) applications.
- [zld](https://github.com/michaeleisel/zld) - Faster version of Apple's linker.
- [Automation and Make](https://swcarpentry.github.io/make-novice/)
- [Meson](https://github.com/mesonbuild/meson) - Project to create the best possible next-generation build system.
- [mbt](https://github.com/mbtproject/mbt) - Most flexible build orchestration tool for monorepo.
- [Earthly](https://github.com/earthly/earthly) - Run all your builds containerized.
- [Synchronicity](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/synchronicity) - Distributed build system providing cryptographic proofs-of-reproducibility via Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) consensus.
- [The Success and Failure of Ninja (2020)](http://neugierig.org/software/blog/2020/05/ninja.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23157783))

Commit message:

build-systems postgresql color design-inspiration gamedev internationalization nlp ios programming-languages swift-libraries roam-research

compilers/build-systems/build-systems.md, after:

# Build systems

## Links

- [Please](https://github.com/thought-machine/please) - High-performance extensible build system for reproducible builds.
- [sbt](https://github.com/sbt/sbt) - Build tool for Scala, Java, and more.
- [Tundra](https://github.com/deplinenoise/tundra) - Code build system that tries to be accurate and fast for incremental builds.
- [gg](https://github.com/StanfordSNR/gg) - The Stanford Builder.
- [mmake](https://github.com/tj/mmake) - Small program which wraps make to provide additional functionality, such as user-friendly help output, remote includes, and eventually more. It otherwise acts as a pass-through to standard make.
- [Build Systems a la Carte](https://github.com/snowleopard/build) - Provides an executable framework for developing and comparing build systems, viewing them as related points in landscape rather than as isolated phenomena.
- [checkmake](https://github.com/mrtazz/checkmake) - Experimental linter/analyzer for Makefiles.
- [CMake](https://cmake.org/) - Build, test and package software.
- [Effective Modern CMake](https://gist.github.com/mbinna/c61dbb39bca0e4fb7d1f73b0d66a4fd1)
- [CMake Scripts](https://github.com/StableCoder/cmake-scripts) - Selection of useful scripts for use in CMake projects.
- [BLT](https://github.com/LLNL/blt) - Streamlined CMake-based foundation for Building, Linking and Testing large-scale high performance computing (HPC) applications.
- [zld](https://github.com/michaeleisel/zld) - Faster version of Apple's linker.
- [Automation and Make](https://swcarpentry.github.io/make-novice/)
- [Meson](https://github.com/mesonbuild/meson) - Project to create the best possible next-generation build system.
- [mbt](https://github.com/mbtproject/mbt) - Most flexible build orchestration tool for monorepo.
- [Earthly](https://github.com/earthly/earthly) - Run all your builds containerized.
- [Synchronicity](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/synchronicity) - Distributed build system providing cryptographic proofs-of-reproducibility via Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) consensus.
- [Ninja](https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja) - Small build system with a focus on speed.
- [The Success and Failure of Ninja (2020)](http://neugierig.org/software/blog/2020/05/ninja.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23157783))
