programming-languages/elixir/elixir-libraries.md, before:

# Elixir libraries

## DB

- [Ecto](https://github.com/elixir-ecto/ecto) - Toolkit for data mapping and language integrated query for Elixir.

## Other

- [GraphQL toolkit for Elixir](https://github.com/absinthe-graphql/absinthe)
- [Sage](https://github.com/Nebo15/sage) - Dependency-free tool to run distributed transactions in Elixir, inspired by Sagas pattern.
- [Timex](https://github.com/bitwalker/timex) - Complete date/time library for Elixir projects.
- [Core Scenic Library](https://github.com/boydm/scenic) - Client application library written directly on the Elixir/Erlang/OTP stack. With it you can build applications that operate identically across all supported operating systems.
- [Benchee](https://github.com/bencheeorg/benchee) - Easy and extensible benchmarking in Elixir providing you with lots of statistics.
- [Opus](https://github.com/zorbash/opus) - Framework for pluggable business logic components.
- [Pow](https://github.com/danschultzer/pow) - Robust, modular, and extendable user authentication system.
- [Rihanna](https://github.com/samphilipd/rihanna) - High performance postgres-backed job queue for Elixir.
- [Broadway](https://github.com/plataformatec/broadway) - Concurrent and multi-stage data ingestion and data processing with Elixir.

## Links

- [Hex packages](https://hex.pm/packages) - Package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.

Commit message:

neural-networks type-theory other wiki-workflow physics privacy elixir-libraries vue web-performance

programming-languages/elixir/elixir-libraries.md, after:

# Elixir libraries

## Web

- [Finch](https://github.com/keathley/finch) - HTTP client with a focus on performance, built on top of Mint and NimblePool.

## DB

- [Ecto](https://github.com/elixir-ecto/ecto) - Toolkit for data mapping and language integrated query for Elixir.

## Other

- [GraphQL toolkit for Elixir](https://github.com/absinthe-graphql/absinthe)
- [Sage](https://github.com/Nebo15/sage) - Dependency-free tool to run distributed transactions in Elixir, inspired by Sagas pattern.
- [Timex](https://github.com/bitwalker/timex) - Complete date/time library for Elixir projects.
- [Core Scenic Library](https://github.com/boydm/scenic) - Client application library written directly on the Elixir/Erlang/OTP stack. With it you can build applications that operate identically across all supported operating systems.
- [Benchee](https://github.com/bencheeorg/benchee) - Easy and extensible benchmarking in Elixir providing you with lots of statistics.
- [Opus](https://github.com/zorbash/opus) - Framework for pluggable business logic components.
- [Pow](https://github.com/danschultzer/pow) - Robust, modular, and extendable user authentication system.
- [Rihanna](https://github.com/samphilipd/rihanna) - High performance postgres-backed job queue for Elixir.
- [Broadway](https://github.com/plataformatec/broadway) - Concurrent and multi-stage data ingestion and data processing with Elixir.

## Links

- [Hex packages](https://hex.pm/packages) - Package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.
