programming-languages/python/python-libraries/python-libraries.md, before:

# Python libraries

## Web

- [Pyramid](https://github.com/Pylons/pyramid) - Small, fast, down-to-earth, open source Python web framework.
- [Dash](https://github.com/plotly/dash) - Analytical Web Apps for Python. No JavaScript Required.
- [web.py](https://github.com/webpy/webpy) - Web framework for python that is as simple as it is powerful.
- [HTTPX](https://github.com/encode/httpx) - Next generation HTTP client for Python.

## ML

- [JAX](https://github.com/google/jax) - GPU- and TPU-backed NumPy with differentiation and JIT compilation.
- [Autograd](https://github.com/HIPS/autograd) - Efficiently computes derivatives of numpy code.

## Biology

- [Biopython](https://github.com/biopython/biopython) - International association of developers of freely available Python tools for computational molecular biology.

## API

- [instagram-scaper](https://github.com/realsirjoe/instagram-scraper) - Scrapes medias, likes, followers, tags and all metadata.

## CLI

- [Python Fire](https://github.com/google/python-fire) - Library for automatically generating command line interfaces (CLIs) from absolutely any Python object.

## DB

- [psycopg2](https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2) - Python-PostgreSQL Database Adapter.

## Other

- [Click](http://click.pocoo.org/5/) - Create beautiful command line interfaces in a composable way with as little code as necessary.
- [Hypertools](https://github.com/ContextLab/hypertools) - Python toolbox for gaining geometric insights into high-dimensional data.
- [Flit](http://flit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Simple way to put Python packages and modules on PyPI.
- [Photon](https://github.com/s0md3v/Photon) - Lightning fast web crawler which extracts URLs, files, intel & endpoints from a target.
- [Snowy](https://github.com/prideout/snowy) - Tiny Python 3 module for manipulating and generating images.
- [Trio](https://github.com/python-trio/trio) - Pythonic async I/O for humans and snake people.
- [Responder](https://github.com/kennethreitz/responder) - Familiar HTTP Service Framework for Python.
- [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru) - Python logging made (stupidly) simple.
- [Blaze](https://github.com/blaze/blaze) - Translates a subset of modified NumPy and Pandas-like syntax to databases and other computing systems.
- [Dash Table](https://github.com/plotly/dash-table) - First-Class Interactive DataTable for Dash.
- [Kombu](https://github.com/celery/kombu) - Messaging library for Python.
- [FastAPI](https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi) - Modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python 3.6+ based on standard Python type hints.
- [Starlette](https://github.com/encode/starlette) - Little ASGI framework that shines.
- [Poetry](https://github.com/sdispater/poetry) - Python dependency management and packaging made easy.
- [POT: Python Optimal Transport](https://github.com/rflamary/POT) - Provide several solvers for optimization problems related to Optimal Transport for signal, image processing and machine learning.
- [Pampy](https://github.com/santinic/pampy) - Pattern Matching for Python you always dreamed of.
- [StrictYAML](https://github.com/crdoconnor/strictyaml) - Type-safe YAML parser and validator.
- [coconut](https://github.com/evhub/coconut) - Simple, elegant, Pythonic functional programming.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra) - Framework for elegantly configuring complex applications.
- [Toolz](https://github.com/pytoolz/toolz) - Set of utility functions for iterators, functions, and dictionaries.
- [PeachPy](https://github.com/Maratyszcza/PeachPy) - x86-64 assembler embedded in Python.
- [Peewee](https://github.com/coleifer/peewee) - Small, expressive orm -- supports postgresql, mysql and sqlite.
- [Curio](https://github.com/dabeaz/curio) - Library for Python systems programming involving concurrent I/O with network sockets, files, subprocesses, and similar constructs.
- [Hyperopt](https://github.com/hyperopt/hyperopt) - Python library for serial and parallel optimization over awkward search spaces, which may include real-valued, discrete, and conditional dimensions.
- [pyfolio](https://github.com/quantopian/pyfolio) - Python library for performance and risk analysis of financial portfolios.
- [heartrate](https://github.com/alexmojaki/heartrate) - Simple real time visualisation of the execution of a Python program.
- [sorcery](https://github.com/alexmojaki/sorcery) - Dark magic delights in Python.
- [sktime](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime) - scikit-learn compatible Python toolbox for learning with time series and panel data.
- [Incremental](https://github.com/twisted/incremental) - Library for versioning your Python projects.
- [scikit-image](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image) - Image processing in Python.
- [SQLAlchemy](https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy) - Python SQL Toolkit and Object Relational Mapper.
- [Modin](https://github.com/modin-project/modin) - Speed up your Pandas workflows by changing a single line of code.
- [Thorn](https://github.com/robinhood/thorn) - Webhook framework for Python, focusing on flexibility and ease of use, both when getting started and when maintaining a production system.
- [gevent](https://github.com/gevent/gevent) - Coroutine-based concurrency library for Python.
- [Meshio](https://github.com/nschloe/meshio) - I/O for mesh files.
- [Streamz](https://github.com/python-streamz/streamz) - Real-time stream processing for python.
- [Hypothesis](https://github.com/HypothesisWorks/hypothesis) - Powerful, flexible, and easy to use library for property-based testing.
- [kombu](https://github.com/celery/kombu) - Messaging library for Python.
- [GPUtil](https://github.com/anderskm/gputil) - Python module for getting the GPU status from NVIDA GPUs using nvidia-smi programmically in Python.
- [anosql](https://github.com/honza/anosql) - Easy SQL in Python.
- [Adaptive](https://github.com/python-adaptive/adaptive) - Parallel active learning of mathematical functions.
- [Cachew](https://github.com/karlicoss/cachew) - Persistent cache/serialization powered by type hints.
- [rq](https://github.com/rq/rq) - Simple job queues for Python.
- [ftfy](https://github.com/LuminosoInsight/python-ftfy) - Fixes mojibake and other glitches in Unicode text, after the fact.
- [CleverCSV](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/CleverCSV) - Python package for handling messy CSV files.
- [Camelot](https://github.com/camelot-dev/camelot) - Python library to extract tabular data from PDFs.
- [gif](https://github.com/maxhumber/gif) - Better way to build animated Matplotlib gifs.
- [pynamical](https://github.com/gboeing/pynamical) - Python package for modeling and visualizing discrete nonlinear dynamical systems, chaos, and fractals.
- [Inline C](https://github.com/georgek42/inlinec) - Effortlessly write inline C functions in Python.
- [rst2pdf](https://github.com/rst2pdf/rst2pdf) - Use a text editor. Make a PDF.
- [schedule](https://github.com/dbader/schedule) - Python job scheduling for humans.
- [asyncpg](https://github.com/MagicStack/asyncpg) - Fast PostgreSQL Database Client Library for Python/asyncio.
- [Newspaper3k](https://github.com/codelucas/newspaper) - News, full-text, and article metadata extraction in Python 3.
- [orjson](https://github.com/ijl/orjson) - Fast, correct JSON library for Python.
- [daiquiri](https://github.com/jd/daiquiri) - Python logging setup helper.
- [Pifpaf](https://github.com/jd/pifpaf) - Python fixtures and daemon managing tools for functional testing.
- [einops](https://github.com/arogozhnikov/einops) - Deep learning operations reinvented (for pytorch, tensorflow, chainer, gluon and others).
- [Python libraries for Google Colaboratory](https://github.com/googlecolab/colabtools)

Commit message:

api backups dna viruses build-systems computer-vision compression bitcoin databases kdb design-inspiration fonts css chess game-engines gamedev spatial-analysis politics gpu xcode datasets pytorch machine-learning neural-networks satisfiability-modulo-theories real-analysis music http microservices github-actions kubernetes ios linux operating-systems other wiki-workflow nix quantum-computing clojure cpp-libraries elm go-libraries haskell-libraries javascript js-libraries react-hooks julia-libraries objc ocaml python-libraries r rust-libraries rust scala-libraries combine swift-libraries swift typescript-libraries embedded-systems memory-management programming reverse-engineering git cryptography social-networks vs-code-extensions email tools seo web-accessibility webpack

programming-languages/python/python-libraries/python-libraries.md, after:

# Python libraries

## Web

- [Pyramid](https://github.com/Pylons/pyramid) - Small, fast, down-to-earth, open source Python web framework.
- [Dash](https://github.com/plotly/dash) - Analytical Web Apps for Python. No JavaScript Required.
- [web.py](https://github.com/webpy/webpy) - Web framework for python that is as simple as it is powerful.
- [HTTPX](https://github.com/encode/httpx) - Next generation HTTP client for Python.

## ML

- [JAX](https://github.com/google/jax) - GPU- and TPU-backed NumPy with differentiation and JIT compilation.
- [Autograd](https://github.com/HIPS/autograd) - Efficiently computes derivatives of numpy code.
- [GluonTS](https://github.com/awslabs/gluon-ts) - Probabilistic time series modeling in Python.
- [GPy](https://github.com/SheffieldML/GPy) - Gaussian processes framework in python.

## Biology

- [Biopython](https://github.com/biopython/biopython) - International association of developers of freely available Python tools for computational molecular biology.

## API

- [instagram-scaper](https://github.com/realsirjoe/instagram-scraper) - Scrapes medias, likes, followers, tags and all metadata.

## CLI

- [Python Fire](https://github.com/google/python-fire) - Library for automatically generating command line interfaces (CLIs) from absolutely any Python object.

## DB

- [psycopg2](https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2) - Python-PostgreSQL Database Adapter.
- [Databases](https://github.com/encode/databases) - Gives you simple asyncio support for a range of databases.

## Other

- [Click](http://click.pocoo.org/5/) - Create beautiful command line interfaces in a composable way with as little code as necessary.
- [Hypertools](https://github.com/ContextLab/hypertools) - Python toolbox for gaining geometric insights into high-dimensional data.
- [Flit](http://flit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Simple way to put Python packages and modules on PyPI.
- [Photon](https://github.com/s0md3v/Photon) - Lightning fast web crawler which extracts URLs, files, intel & endpoints from a target.
- [Snowy](https://github.com/prideout/snowy) - Tiny Python 3 module for manipulating and generating images.
- [Trio](https://github.com/python-trio/trio) - Pythonic async I/O for humans and snake people.
- [Responder](https://github.com/kennethreitz/responder) - Familiar HTTP Service Framework for Python.
- [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru) - Python logging made (stupidly) simple.
- [Blaze](https://github.com/blaze/blaze) - Translates a subset of modified NumPy and Pandas-like syntax to databases and other computing systems.
- [Dash Table](https://github.com/plotly/dash-table) - First-Class Interactive DataTable for Dash.
- [Kombu](https://github.com/celery/kombu) - Messaging library for Python.
- [FastAPI](https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi) - Modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python 3.6+ based on standard Python type hints.
- [Starlette](https://github.com/encode/starlette) - Little ASGI framework that shines.
- [Poetry](https://github.com/sdispater/poetry) - Python dependency management and packaging made easy.
- [POT: Python Optimal Transport](https://github.com/rflamary/POT) - Provide several solvers for optimization problems related to Optimal Transport for signal, image processing and machine learning.
- [Pampy](https://github.com/santinic/pampy) - Pattern Matching for Python you always dreamed of.
- [StrictYAML](https://github.com/crdoconnor/strictyaml) - Type-safe YAML parser and validator.
- [coconut](https://github.com/evhub/coconut) - Simple, elegant, Pythonic functional programming.
- [Hydra](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra) - Framework for elegantly configuring complex applications.
- [Toolz](https://github.com/pytoolz/toolz) - Set of utility functions for iterators, functions, and dictionaries.
- [PeachPy](https://github.com/Maratyszcza/PeachPy) - x86-64 assembler embedded in Python.
- [Peewee](https://github.com/coleifer/peewee) - Small, expressive orm -- supports postgresql, mysql and sqlite.
- [Curio](https://github.com/dabeaz/curio) - Library for Python systems programming involving concurrent I/O with network sockets, files, subprocesses, and similar constructs.
- [Hyperopt](https://github.com/hyperopt/hyperopt) - Python library for serial and parallel optimization over awkward search spaces, which may include real-valued, discrete, and conditional dimensions.
- [pyfolio](https://github.com/quantopian/pyfolio) - Python library for performance and risk analysis of financial portfolios.
- [heartrate](https://github.com/alexmojaki/heartrate) - Simple real time visualisation of the execution of a Python program.
- [sorcery](https://github.com/alexmojaki/sorcery) - Dark magic delights in Python.
- [sktime](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime) - scikit-learn compatible Python toolbox for learning with time series and panel data.
- [Incremental](https://github.com/twisted/incremental) - Library for versioning your Python projects.
- [scikit-image](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image) - Image processing in Python.
- [SQLAlchemy](https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy) - Python SQL Toolkit and Object Relational Mapper.
- [Modin](https://github.com/modin-project/modin) - Speed up your Pandas workflows by changing a single line of code.
- [Thorn](https://github.com/robinhood/thorn) - Webhook framework for Python, focusing on flexibility and ease of use, both when getting started and when maintaining a production system.
- [gevent](https://github.com/gevent/gevent) - Coroutine-based concurrency library for Python.
- [Meshio](https://github.com/nschloe/meshio) - I/O for mesh files.
- [Streamz](https://github.com/python-streamz/streamz) - Real-time stream processing for python.
- [Hypothesis](https://github.com/HypothesisWorks/hypothesis) - Powerful, flexible, and easy to use library for property-based testing.
- [kombu](https://github.com/celery/kombu) - Messaging library for Python.
- [GPUtil](https://github.com/anderskm/gputil) - Python module for getting the GPU status from NVIDA GPUs using nvidia-smi programmically in Python.
- [anosql](https://github.com/honza/anosql) - Easy SQL in Python.
- [Adaptive](https://github.com/python-adaptive/adaptive) - Parallel active learning of mathematical functions.
- [Cachew](https://github.com/karlicoss/cachew) - Persistent cache/serialization powered by type hints.
- [rq](https://github.com/rq/rq) - Simple job queues for Python.
- [ftfy](https://github.com/LuminosoInsight/python-ftfy) - Fixes mojibake and other glitches in Unicode text, after the fact.
- [CleverCSV](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/CleverCSV) - Python package for handling messy CSV files.
- [Camelot](https://github.com/camelot-dev/camelot) - Python library to extract tabular data from PDFs.
- [gif](https://github.com/maxhumber/gif) - Better way to build animated Matplotlib gifs.
- [pynamical](https://github.com/gboeing/pynamical) - Python package for modeling and visualizing discrete nonlinear dynamical systems, chaos, and fractals.
- [Inline C](https://github.com/georgek42/inlinec) - Effortlessly write inline C functions in Python.
- [rst2pdf](https://github.com/rst2pdf/rst2pdf) - Use a text editor. Make a PDF.
- [schedule](https://github.com/dbader/schedule) - Python job scheduling for humans.
- [asyncpg](https://github.com/MagicStack/asyncpg) - Fast PostgreSQL Database Client Library for Python/asyncio.
- [Newspaper3k](https://github.com/codelucas/newspaper) - News, full-text, and article metadata extraction in Python 3.
- [orjson](https://github.com/ijl/orjson) - Fast, correct JSON library for Python.
- [daiquiri](https://github.com/jd/daiquiri) - Python logging setup helper.
- [Pifpaf](https://github.com/jd/pifpaf) - Python fixtures and daemon managing tools for functional testing.
- [einops](https://github.com/arogozhnikov/einops) - Deep learning operations reinvented (for pytorch, tensorflow, chainer, gluon and others).
- [Python libraries for Google Colaboratory](https://github.com/googlecolab/colabtools)
