open-source/github/github-actions.md, before:

# [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions)

## Other

- [Create Release](https://github.com/actions/create-release) - Action to create releases via the GitHub Release API.
- [Release Drafter](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter) - Drafts your next release notes as pull requests are merged into master.
- [Merge Conflict Finder](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/merge-conflict-finder) - Finds any merge conflicts in your repository.
- [Upload to Release](https://github.com/JasonEtco/upload-to-release) - GitHub Action that uploads a file to a new release.
- [Deploy Now](https://github.com/primer/deploy) - Deploy to Now from GitHub Actions with useful aliases.
- [cache](https://github.com/actions/cache) - Cache dependencies and build outputs in GitHub Actions.
- [Lighthouse Auditing](https://github.com/jakejarvis/lighthouse-action) - Integrates Google's helpful Lighthouse audits for webpages — specifically testing for Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices, SEO, and Progressive Web Apps.
- [merge-me-action](https://github.com/ridedott/merge-me-action) - Automatically merge Pull Requests created from a GitHub account.
- [upload-artifact](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact) - Uploads artifacts from your workflow.
- [download-artifact](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact) - Downloads artifacts from your build.
- [action-project-manager](https://github.com/jason0x43/action-project-manager) - Relativley simple a GitHub Action that can be used to manage issues in a project.
- [compressed-size-action](https://github.com/preactjs/compressed-size-action) - GitHub Action that adds compressed size changes to your PRs.
- [GitHub Action for Continuous Benchmarking](https://github.com/rhysd/github-action-benchmark)
- [GitHub Action for GitHub Push](https://github.com/ad-m/github-push-action) - GitHub Actions for pushing to GitHub repository local changes authorizing using GitHub token.
- [actions-netlify](https://github.com/nwtgck/actions-netlify) - GitHub Actions for deploying Netlify.
- [deploy-mdbook](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/deploy-mdbook) - GitHub Action to automatically build and deploy your mdbook project.
- [actions-comment-run](https://github.com/nwtgck/actions-comment-run) - Execute comment from issues and pull requests.
- [GitHub Pages Deploy Action](https://github.com/JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action)
- [GitHub Action for the OCaml programming language](https://github.com/avsm/setup-ocaml)
- [Upload Release Asset](https://github.com/actions/upload-release-asset) - Action to upload a release asset via the GitHub Release API.
- [Publish to GitHub](https://github.com/mikeal/publish-to-github-action) - GitHub Action to push any local file changes, including new files, back to master.
- [Post Slack messages](https://github.com/abinoda/slack-action) - GitHub Action for posting Slack messages.
- [GitHub Actions for DigitalOcean](https://github.com/digitalocean/action-doctl) - Enables you to interact with DigitalOcean services via the doctl command-line client.
- [SSH for GitHub Actions](https://github.com/appleboy/ssh-action) - GitHub Actions for executing remote ssh commands.
- [Swift Action](https://github.com/Didstopia/SwiftAction) - Provides Swift support for GitHub Actions.
- [Automated Branch Pull Requests](https://github.com/vsoch/pull-request-action) - Open a pull request when a branch is pushed or updated.
- [Repository Dispatch](https://github.com/peter-evans/repository-dispatch) - GitHub action to create a repository dispatch event.

## Go

- [gobenchdata](https://github.com/bobheadxi/gobenchdata) - Tool for inspecting go test -bench data, and a GitHub Action for continuous benchmarking.

## Rust

- [Rust cargo Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/cargo) - Runs specified cargo command on a Rust language project.
- [rust-toolchain Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/toolchain) - GitHub Action for `rustup toolchain` commands.
- [GitHub Actions for Rust language](https://github.com/actions-rs/meta) - Recipes, discussions, questions and ideas.
- [audit-check](https://github.com/actions-rs/audit-check) - GitHub Action is using cargo-audit to perform an audit for crates with security vulnerabilities.
- [clippy-check](https://github.com/actions-rs/clippy-check) - GitHub Action for PR annotations with clippy warnings.
- [Rust tarpaulin Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/tarpaulin) - GitHub Action for code coverage reporting with tarpaulin.

## Python

- [setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) - Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of python.

## JS

- [npm-publish-action](https://github.com/pascalgn/npm-publish-action) - GitHub action to automatically publish packages to npm.
- [Size Limit](https://github.com/andresz1/size-limit-action) - Compare the real cost to run your JS app or lib to keep good performance in every pull request.

## Docker

- [build-push-action](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action) - Builds and pushes Docker images and will log in to a Docker registry if required.

## Nix

- [install-nix-action](https://github.com/cachix/install-nix-action) - Installs Nix on GitHub Actions for the supported platforms: Linux and macOS.
- [cachix-action](https://github.com/cachix/cachix-action) - Build software only once using Nix with the help of Cachix.

## Templates

- [JS action template](https://github.com/actions/javascript-action)
- [github-script](https://github.com/actions/github-script) - Makes it easy to quickly write a script in your workflow that uses the GitHub API and the workflow run context.

## Links

- [OSS list of GitHub actions](https://github-actions.netlify.com/)
- [Collection of useful GitHub Actions](https://github.com/maddox/actions#readme)
- [Act](https://github.com/nektos/act) - Run your GitHub Actions locally.
- [GitHub Actions Workflow Parser](https://github.com/actions/workflow-parser) - Language specification and the official parser for GitHub Actions main.workflow files.
- [Accelerating new GitHub Actions workflows](https://github.com/actions/starter-workflows)
- [GitHub Actions Toolkit](https://github.com/JasonEtco/actions-toolkit) - Toolkit for building GitHub Actions in Node.
- [JavaScript Action Template](https://github.com/actions/javascript-template)
- [migrate-actions tool](https://github.com/actions/migrate) - Converts GitHub Actions main.workflow files into the new .yml syntax.
- [GitHub Actions Toolkit](https://github.com/actions/toolkit) - GitHub ToolKit for developing GitHub Actions.
- [GitHub action to automatically rebase PRs](https://github.com/cirrus-actions/rebase)
- [GitHub Actions for Rust language](https://github.com/actions-rs/meta)
- [Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of node.js](https://github.com/actions/setup-node)
- [An Unintentionally Comprehensive Introduction to GitHub Actions CI (2019)](https://dev.to/bnb/an-unintentionally-comprehensive-introduction-to-github-actions-ci-blm)
- [Hello, GitHub Actions!](https://lab.github.com/github/hello-github-actions!)
- [Creating GitHub Actions in Python (2019)](https://www.jacobtomlinson.co.uk/posts/2019/creating-github-actions-in-python/)
- [Exploring Actions (2019)](https://brandur.org/nanoglyphs/005-actions)
- [GitHub Actions Runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) - Runner is the application that runs a job from a GitHub Actions workflow. The runner can run on the hosted machine pools or run on self-hosted environments.
- [Awesome Actions](https://github.com/sdras/awesome-actions#readme) - Curated list of awesome actions to use on GitHub.
- [Actions Panel](https://www.actionspanel.app/) - Manually Trigger Your GitHub Actions. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22711935))
- [Running GitHub Actions on Preview Deploys (2020)](https://webcloud.se/blog/2020-02-16-github-actions-preview-deploys/)
- [Kubernetes controller for GitHub Actions self-hosted runnners](https://github.com/summerwind/actions-runner-controller)

Commit message:

aws humans dns networking github-actions kubernetes file-systems electrical-engineering physics python-libraries search-engines

open-source/github/github-actions.md, after:

# [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions)

## Other

- [Create Release](https://github.com/actions/create-release) - Action to create releases via the GitHub Release API.
- [Release Drafter](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter) - Drafts your next release notes as pull requests are merged into master.
- [Merge Conflict Finder](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/merge-conflict-finder) - Finds any merge conflicts in your repository.
- [Upload to Release](https://github.com/JasonEtco/upload-to-release) - GitHub Action that uploads a file to a new release.
- [Deploy Now](https://github.com/primer/deploy) - Deploy to Now from GitHub Actions with useful aliases.
- [cache](https://github.com/actions/cache) - Cache dependencies and build outputs in GitHub Actions.
- [Lighthouse Auditing](https://github.com/jakejarvis/lighthouse-action) - Integrates Google's helpful Lighthouse audits for webpages — specifically testing for Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices, SEO, and Progressive Web Apps.
- [merge-me-action](https://github.com/ridedott/merge-me-action) - Automatically merge Pull Requests created from a GitHub account.
- [upload-artifact](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact) - Uploads artifacts from your workflow.
- [download-artifact](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact) - Downloads artifacts from your build.
- [action-project-manager](https://github.com/jason0x43/action-project-manager) - Relativley simple a GitHub Action that can be used to manage issues in a project.
- [compressed-size-action](https://github.com/preactjs/compressed-size-action) - GitHub Action that adds compressed size changes to your PRs.
- [GitHub Action for Continuous Benchmarking](https://github.com/rhysd/github-action-benchmark)
- [GitHub Action for GitHub Push](https://github.com/ad-m/github-push-action) - GitHub Actions for pushing to GitHub repository local changes authorizing using GitHub token.
- [actions-netlify](https://github.com/nwtgck/actions-netlify) - GitHub Actions for deploying Netlify.
- [deploy-mdbook](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/deploy-mdbook) - GitHub Action to automatically build and deploy your mdbook project.
- [actions-comment-run](https://github.com/nwtgck/actions-comment-run) - Execute comment from issues and pull requests.
- [GitHub Pages Deploy Action](https://github.com/JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action)
- [GitHub Action for the OCaml programming language](https://github.com/avsm/setup-ocaml)
- [Upload Release Asset](https://github.com/actions/upload-release-asset) - Action to upload a release asset via the GitHub Release API.
- [Publish to GitHub](https://github.com/mikeal/publish-to-github-action) - GitHub Action to push any local file changes, including new files, back to master.
- [Post Slack messages](https://github.com/abinoda/slack-action) - GitHub Action for posting Slack messages.
- [GitHub Actions for DigitalOcean](https://github.com/digitalocean/action-doctl) - Enables you to interact with DigitalOcean services via the doctl command-line client.
- [SSH for GitHub Actions](https://github.com/appleboy/ssh-action) - GitHub Actions for executing remote ssh commands.
- [Swift Action](https://github.com/Didstopia/SwiftAction) - Provides Swift support for GitHub Actions.
- [Automated Branch Pull Requests](https://github.com/vsoch/pull-request-action) - Open a pull request when a branch is pushed or updated.
- [Repository Dispatch](https://github.com/peter-evans/repository-dispatch) - GitHub action to create a repository dispatch event.
- [Debug your GitHub Actions via SSH by using tmate to get access to the runner system itself](https://github.com/mxschmitt/action-tmate)
- [ssh-agent](https://github.com/webfactory/ssh-agent) - GitHub Action to setup `ssh-agent` with a private key.

## Go

- [gobenchdata](https://github.com/bobheadxi/gobenchdata) - Tool for inspecting go test -bench data, and a GitHub Action for continuous benchmarking.

## Rust

- [Rust cargo Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/cargo) - Runs specified cargo command on a Rust language project.
- [rust-toolchain Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/toolchain) - GitHub Action for `rustup toolchain` commands.
- [GitHub Actions for Rust language](https://github.com/actions-rs/meta) - Recipes, discussions, questions and ideas.
- [audit-check](https://github.com/actions-rs/audit-check) - GitHub Action is using cargo-audit to perform an audit for crates with security vulnerabilities.
- [clippy-check](https://github.com/actions-rs/clippy-check) - GitHub Action for PR annotations with clippy warnings.
- [Rust tarpaulin Action](https://github.com/actions-rs/tarpaulin) - GitHub Action for code coverage reporting with tarpaulin.

## Python

- [setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) - Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of python.

## JS

- [npm-publish-action](https://github.com/pascalgn/npm-publish-action) - GitHub action to automatically publish packages to npm.
- [Size Limit](https://github.com/andresz1/size-limit-action) - Compare the real cost to run your JS app or lib to keep good performance in every pull request.

## Docker

- [build-push-action](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action) - Builds and pushes Docker images and will log in to a Docker registry if required.

## Nix

- [install-nix-action](https://github.com/cachix/install-nix-action) - Installs Nix on GitHub Actions for the supported platforms: Linux and macOS.
- [cachix-action](https://github.com/cachix/cachix-action) - Build software only once using Nix with the help of Cachix.

## Templates

- [JS action template](https://github.com/actions/javascript-action)
- [github-script](https://github.com/actions/github-script) - Makes it easy to quickly write a script in your workflow that uses the GitHub API and the workflow run context.

## Links

- [OSS list of GitHub actions](https://github-actions.netlify.com/)
- [Collection of useful GitHub Actions](https://github.com/maddox/actions#readme)
- [Act](https://github.com/nektos/act) - Run your GitHub Actions locally.
- [GitHub Actions Workflow Parser](https://github.com/actions/workflow-parser) - Language specification and the official parser for GitHub Actions main.workflow files.
- [Accelerating new GitHub Actions workflows](https://github.com/actions/starter-workflows)
- [GitHub Actions Toolkit](https://github.com/JasonEtco/actions-toolkit) - Toolkit for building GitHub Actions in Node.
- [JavaScript Action Template](https://github.com/actions/javascript-template)
- [migrate-actions tool](https://github.com/actions/migrate) - Converts GitHub Actions main.workflow files into the new .yml syntax.
- [GitHub Actions Toolkit](https://github.com/actions/toolkit) - GitHub ToolKit for developing GitHub Actions.
- [GitHub action to automatically rebase PRs](https://github.com/cirrus-actions/rebase)
- [GitHub Actions for Rust language](https://github.com/actions-rs/meta)
- [Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of node.js](https://github.com/actions/setup-node)
- [An Unintentionally Comprehensive Introduction to GitHub Actions CI (2019)](https://dev.to/bnb/an-unintentionally-comprehensive-introduction-to-github-actions-ci-blm)
- [Hello, GitHub Actions!](https://lab.github.com/github/hello-github-actions!)
- [Creating GitHub Actions in Python (2019)](https://www.jacobtomlinson.co.uk/posts/2019/creating-github-actions-in-python/)
- [Exploring Actions (2019)](https://brandur.org/nanoglyphs/005-actions)
- [GitHub Actions Runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) - Runner is the application that runs a job from a GitHub Actions workflow. The runner can run on the hosted machine pools or run on self-hosted environments.
- [Awesome Actions](https://github.com/sdras/awesome-actions#readme) - Curated list of awesome actions to use on GitHub.
- [Actions Panel](https://www.actionspanel.app/) - Manually Trigger Your GitHub Actions. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22711935))
- [Running GitHub Actions on Preview Deploys (2020)](https://webcloud.se/blog/2020-02-16-github-actions-preview-deploys/)
- [Kubernetes controller for GitHub Actions self-hosted runnners](https://github.com/summerwind/actions-runner-controller)
