tools/email.md, before:

# Email

I use [Spark](https://sparkmailapp.com) email client connected to various [Gmail](https://gmail.com) accounts for my email and I follow [some rules](../focusing/rules.md#email) when dealing with email. I heavily use labels for indexing important emails and approach emails in GTD way, actioning on every email and keeping my Inbox as close to 0 as possible.

I subscribe to a [few newsletters](https://github.com/learn-anything/newsletters#readme) and unsubscribe from anything that brings no value and only adds noise.

## Notes

- [All archive does is remove the Inbox label (in Gmail).](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/gmail/2xUYO5ifCCY/95_y02y2IgAJ)
  - Gmail doesn't have folders. All your messages are saved in All Mail. Everything else (Inbox, Starred, Drafts, user-labels, etc) are just "views" into a subset of the messages in All Mail. And since there's only one copy of any message, if you delete it from any label, you're deleting the only copy, so it's gone from all of them. If you delete a label you remove that "view", but the messages are still in All Mail.

## Links

- [mailyak](https://github.com/domodwyer/mailyak) - Elegant MIME/SMTP email library with support for attachments.
- [go-imap](https://github.com/emersion/go-imap) - IMAP library for clients and servers.
- [Awesome Emails](https://github.com/jonathandion/awesome-emails#readme) - Awesome list of resources to build better emails.
- [Composing better emails (2019)](https://iridakos.com/how-to/2019/06/26/composing-better-emails.html) - Tips for composing effective emails avoiding misunderstandings. ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/3vfgoc/composing_better_emails))
- [gmailfilters](https://github.com/jessfraz/gmailfilters) - Tool to sync Gmail filters from a config file to your account.
- [Rspamd](https://github.com/rspamd/rspamd) - Rapid spam filtering system.
- [JMAP](https://github.com/jmapio/jmap) - JSON Meta Application Protocol Specification.
- [Postmark](https://postmarkapp.com/) - Delivers your transactional email to customers on time, every time.
- [Generic Tips For Emailing Busy People](https://www.kalzumeus.com/standing-invitation/#generic-tips-for-emailing-busy-people)
- [Hakara](https://github.com/haraka/Haraka) - Fast, highly extensible, and event driven SMTP server.
- [How To Run Your Own Mail Server (2017)](https://www.c0ffee.net/blog/mail-server-guide/)
- [How to write a forwardable introduction email](https://alexiskold.net/2015/06/24/how-to-write-a-forwardable-introduction-email/)
- [BEE Free](https://beefree.io/) - Easiest, quickest way to design elegant, mobile responsive emails.
- [S3 Email](https://github.com/0x4447/0x4447_product_s3_email) - Serverless email server on AWS using S3 and SES.
- [ConvertKit](https://convertkit.com/) - Email marketing software for creators.
- [Burner Mail](https://burnermail.io/) - Hide your personal email address, control who can send you emails, and generate new burners with one click.
- [heimdall](https://github.com/fterh/heimdall) - Self-hosted personal email guardian with one-step deployment.
- [How to write a cold email (2020)](https://sriramk.com/coldemail)
- [MailHog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog) - Web and API based SMTP testing.
- [How to write a forwardable introduction email](https://www.startuphacks.vc/blog/2015/06/24/how-to-write-a-forwardable-introduction-email)
- [SimpleLogin](https://simplelogin.io/) - Protect your personal email with email alias. ([Code](https://github.com/simple-login/app))
- [InboxSDK](https://www.inboxsdk.com/) - High level Javascript library used to easily build browser extensions that interact with both Gmail and Inbox by Google. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22580223))
- [gmailctl](https://github.com/mbrt/gmailctl) - Declarative configuration for Gmail filters. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22715982))
- [Good Email Code](https://www.goodemailcode.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/M-J-Robbins/good-email-code))
- [Mailgun](https://www.mailgun.com/) - The all-in-one, intelligent email delivery platform.
- [Mailgun Logger](https://github.com/jackjoe/mailgun_logger) - Simple admin tool to get Mailgun persistence ad infinititum.
- [maddy](https://github.com/foxcpp/maddy) - Composable all-in-one mail server.
- [Unverified.email (2020)](https://kerestey.net/writing/2020-04-05-announcing-unverified-dot-email.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22799071))
- [Cold email example (2020)](https://twitter.com/louisnicholls_/status/1248578404435333122)
- [Moving away from GMail (2019)](https://rolisz.ro/2020/04/11/moving-away-from-gmail/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22843326))
- [Missive](https://missiveapp.com/) - Team inbox and chat tool that empowers teams to truly collaborate around email.
- [smtp-cli](https://github.com/mludvig/smtp-cli) - Command line SMTP client.
- [Lieer](https://github.com/gauteh/lieer) - Fast email-fetching and sending and two-way tag synchronization between notmuch and GMail.
- [Inbox Zero](https://inboxze.ro/) - How the most productive people manage their inbox.
- [bulk-mail-cli](https://github.com/adventmail/bulk-mail-cli) - Sends automated, dynamic and beautifully designed HTML emails to your mailing list via your terminal.
- [gmail-helper](https://github.com/abhishekkr/gmail-helper) - Allow helpful GMail tasks over OAuth2 API using Google's API Client. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22989904))
- [How to build an email reply feature](https://davidfurlong.me/how-to-build-an-email-reply-feature)

Commit message:

python-libraries swift-libraries swift email

tools/email.md, after:

# Email

I use [Spark](https://sparkmailapp.com) email client connected to various [Gmail](https://gmail.com) accounts for my email and I follow [some rules](../focusing/rules.md#email) when dealing with email. I heavily use labels for indexing important emails and approach emails in GTD way, actioning on every email and keeping my Inbox as close to 0 as possible.

I subscribe to a [few newsletters](https://github.com/learn-anything/newsletters#readme) and unsubscribe from anything that brings no value and only adds noise.

## Notes

- [All archive does is remove the Inbox label (in Gmail).](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/gmail/2xUYO5ifCCY/95_y02y2IgAJ)
  - Gmail doesn't have folders. All your messages are saved in All Mail. Everything else (Inbox, Starred, Drafts, user-labels, etc) are just "views" into a subset of the messages in All Mail. And since there's only one copy of any message, if you delete it from any label, you're deleting the only copy, so it's gone from all of them. If you delete a label you remove that "view", but the messages are still in All Mail.
- [Whenever you compose an email, put your ask in the first sentence. Do you want information from them? Do you want them to do something for you? Put it in the first sentence. Then put the explanation and details in the rest of the email.](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23064974)

## Links

- [mailyak](https://github.com/domodwyer/mailyak) - Elegant MIME/SMTP email library with support for attachments.
- [go-imap](https://github.com/emersion/go-imap) - IMAP library for clients and servers.
- [Awesome Emails](https://github.com/jonathandion/awesome-emails#readme) - Awesome list of resources to build better emails.
- [Composing better emails (2019)](https://iridakos.com/how-to/2019/06/26/composing-better-emails.html) - Tips for composing effective emails avoiding misunderstandings. ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/3vfgoc/composing_better_emails))
- [gmailfilters](https://github.com/jessfraz/gmailfilters) - Tool to sync Gmail filters from a config file to your account.
- [Rspamd](https://github.com/rspamd/rspamd) - Rapid spam filtering system.
- [JMAP](https://github.com/jmapio/jmap) - JSON Meta Application Protocol Specification.
- [Postmark](https://postmarkapp.com/) - Delivers your transactional email to customers on time, every time.
- [Generic Tips For Emailing Busy People](https://www.kalzumeus.com/standing-invitation/#generic-tips-for-emailing-busy-people)
- [Hakara](https://github.com/haraka/Haraka) - Fast, highly extensible, and event driven SMTP server.
- [How To Run Your Own Mail Server (2017)](https://www.c0ffee.net/blog/mail-server-guide/)
- [How to write a forwardable introduction email](https://alexiskold.net/2015/06/24/how-to-write-a-forwardable-introduction-email/)
- [BEE Free](https://beefree.io/) - Easiest, quickest way to design elegant, mobile responsive emails.
- [S3 Email](https://github.com/0x4447/0x4447_product_s3_email) - Serverless email server on AWS using S3 and SES.
- [ConvertKit](https://convertkit.com/) - Email marketing software for creators.
- [Burner Mail](https://burnermail.io/) - Hide your personal email address, control who can send you emails, and generate new burners with one click.
- [heimdall](https://github.com/fterh/heimdall) - Self-hosted personal email guardian with one-step deployment.
- [How to write a cold email (2020)](https://sriramk.com/coldemail)
- [MailHog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog) - Web and API based SMTP testing.
- [How to write a forwardable introduction email](https://www.startuphacks.vc/blog/2015/06/24/how-to-write-a-forwardable-introduction-email)
- [SimpleLogin](https://simplelogin.io/) - Protect your personal email with email alias. ([Code](https://github.com/simple-login/app))
- [InboxSDK](https://www.inboxsdk.com/) - High level Javascript library used to easily build browser extensions that interact with both Gmail and Inbox by Google. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22580223))
- [gmailctl](https://github.com/mbrt/gmailctl) - Declarative configuration for Gmail filters. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22715982))
- [Good Email Code](https://www.goodemailcode.com/) ([Code](https://github.com/M-J-Robbins/good-email-code))
- [Mailgun](https://www.mailgun.com/) - The all-in-one, intelligent email delivery platform.
- [Mailgun Logger](https://github.com/jackjoe/mailgun_logger) - Simple admin tool to get Mailgun persistence ad infinititum.
- [maddy](https://github.com/foxcpp/maddy) - Composable all-in-one mail server.
- [Unverified.email (2020)](https://kerestey.net/writing/2020-04-05-announcing-unverified-dot-email.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22799071))
- [Cold email example (2020)](https://twitter.com/louisnicholls_/status/1248578404435333122)
- [Moving away from GMail (2019)](https://rolisz.ro/2020/04/11/moving-away-from-gmail/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22843326))
- [Missive](https://missiveapp.com/) - Team inbox and chat tool that empowers teams to truly collaborate around email.
- [smtp-cli](https://github.com/mludvig/smtp-cli) - Command line SMTP client.
- [Lieer](https://github.com/gauteh/lieer) - Fast email-fetching and sending and two-way tag synchronization between notmuch and GMail.
- [Inbox Zero](https://inboxze.ro/) - How the most productive people manage their inbox.
- [bulk-mail-cli](https://github.com/adventmail/bulk-mail-cli) - Sends automated, dynamic and beautifully designed HTML emails to your mailing list via your terminal.
- [gmail-helper](https://github.com/abhishekkr/gmail-helper) - Allow helpful GMail tasks over OAuth2 API using Google's API Client. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22989904))
- [How to build an email reply feature](https://davidfurlong.me/how-to-build-an-email-reply-feature)
