neuroscience/neuroscience.md, before:

# Neuroscience

## Links

- [Master/Mind](https://vimeo.com/141479485)
- [How the Brain Is Computing the Mind](https://www.edge.org/conversation/ed_boyden-how-the-brain-is-computing-the-mind)
- [HTM Forum](https://discourse.numenta.org/) - Centers around the machine intelligence concept of Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM).
- [Towards the neural population doctrine](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0959438818300990)
- [The Brain That Changes Itself book](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/570172.The_Brain_That_Changes_Itself)
- [Brain Map](https://portal.brain-map.org/) - Accelerating progress toward understanding the brain.
- [Could a neuroscientist understand a microprocessor? (2017)](http://ericmjonas.github.io/neuroproc/)
- [Leonardo Da Vinci and the Brain](http://www.davinciandthebrain.org/)
- [Fundamentals of Neuroscience course by Harvard](https://www.mcb80x.org/)
- [Synapses, Neurons and Brains course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/synapses)
- [Computational Neuroscience course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/computational-neuroscience)
- [Neuroscience: Exploring the Brain](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/170011.Neuroscience)
- [Where can I study neuroscience on my own? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/neuroscience/comments/efi61j/where_can_i_study_neuroscience_on_my_own/)
- [Dopamine and temporal difference learning: A fruitful relationship between neuroscience and AI (2020)](https://deepmind.com/blog/article/Dopamine-and-temporal-difference-learning-A-fruitful-relationship-between-neuroscience-and-AI)
- [NeuroCyto Lab](http://www.neurocytolab.org/) - Want to understand how neurons are organized at the cellular level.
- [Hidden Computational Power Found in the Arms of Neurons](https://www.quantamagazine.org/neural-dendrites-reveal-their-computational-power-20200114/)
- [An algorithm that learns through rewards may show how our brain does too (2020)](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/615054/deepmind-ai-reiforcement-learning-reveals-dopamine-neurons-in-brain/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22065761))
- [An Existential Crisis in Neuroscience (2020)](http://nautil.us/issue/81/maps/an-existential-crisis-in-neuroscience) - We’re mapping the brain in amazing detail—but our brain can’t understand the picture. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22146439))

## Images

![](https://i.imgur.com/rrMuQnY.png)

Commit message:

basic-income neuroscience physics cpp-libraries

neuroscience/neuroscience.md, after:

# Neuroscience

## Links

- [Master/Mind](https://vimeo.com/141479485)
- [How the Brain Is Computing the Mind](https://www.edge.org/conversation/ed_boyden-how-the-brain-is-computing-the-mind)
- [HTM Forum](https://discourse.numenta.org/) - Centers around the machine intelligence concept of Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM).
- [Towards the neural population doctrine](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0959438818300990)
- [The Brain That Changes Itself book](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/570172.The_Brain_That_Changes_Itself)
- [Brain Map](https://portal.brain-map.org/) - Accelerating progress toward understanding the brain.
- [Could a neuroscientist understand a microprocessor? (2017)](http://ericmjonas.github.io/neuroproc/)
- [Leonardo Da Vinci and the Brain](http://www.davinciandthebrain.org/)
- [Fundamentals of Neuroscience course by Harvard](https://www.mcb80x.org/)
- [Synapses, Neurons and Brains course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/synapses)
- [Computational Neuroscience course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/computational-neuroscience)
- [Neuroscience: Exploring the Brain](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/170011.Neuroscience)
- [Where can I study neuroscience on my own? (2020)](https://www.reddit.com/r/neuroscience/comments/efi61j/where_can_i_study_neuroscience_on_my_own/)
- [Dopamine and temporal difference learning: A fruitful relationship between neuroscience and AI (2020)](https://deepmind.com/blog/article/Dopamine-and-temporal-difference-learning-A-fruitful-relationship-between-neuroscience-and-AI)
- [NeuroCyto Lab](http://www.neurocytolab.org/) - Want to understand how neurons are organized at the cellular level.
- [Hidden Computational Power Found in the Arms of Neurons](https://www.quantamagazine.org/neural-dendrites-reveal-their-computational-power-20200114/)
- [An algorithm that learns through rewards may show how our brain does too (2020)](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/615054/deepmind-ai-reiforcement-learning-reveals-dopamine-neurons-in-brain/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22065761))
- [An Existential Crisis in Neuroscience (2020)](http://nautil.us/issue/81/maps/an-existential-crisis-in-neuroscience) - We’re mapping the brain in amazing detail—but our brain can’t understand the picture. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22146439))
- [Computational neuroscience resources](http://neural-reckoning.org/comp-neuro-resources.html)
- [Neural Reckoning Group](http://neural-reckoning.org/index.html) - Aim to understand the brain, and intelligent behaviour more widely, via theoretical and computational models.

## Images

![](https://i.imgur.com/rrMuQnY.png)
