web/web.md, before:

# Web

The Internet is genuinely one of the best things to come out of 20th century. It has so many implications for the future and can solve so many of the world's problems, it is exciting.

## Notes

- Amazing thing about the web is the fact that clients (browsers) and servers can interact in complex ways without the client knowing anything beforehand about the server and the resources it hosts.
- [I often grab local versions of sites to experiment and learn from. You can get a site's html and all of the page's dependencies with a single wget command: `wget -H -E -k -p SOMEURL`](https://twitter.com/philhawksworth/status/1214942635300982785)

## Links

- [Everything easy is hard again](https://frankchimero.com/writing/everything-easy-is-hard-again/)
- [FreeCodeCamp Map](https://www.freecodecamp.org/map)
- [Ask HN: What's your favorite way of getting a web app up quickly in 2018?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17217210)
- [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) - Exemplary fullstack Medium.com clone powered by React, Angular, Node, Django, and many more.
- [Internetting is hard](https://internetingishard.com/) - Friendly web development tutorials for complete beginners.
- [devd](https://github.com/cortesi/devd) - Local webserver for developers.
- [Lwan Web Server](https://github.com/lpereira/lwan) - Experimental, scalable, high performance HTTP server.
- [NetData](http://my-netdata.io/) - System for distributed real-time performance and health monitoring.
- [Razzle](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/razzle) - Create server-rendered universal JavaScript applications with no configuration.
- [Ask HN: Where can one learn about the history of the internet and the protocols?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17607095)
- [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) - Make images smaller using best-in-class codecs, right in the browser.
- [Making dev.to Incredibly fast](https://dev.to/ben/making-devto-insanely-fast)
- [The Most Annoying Website - Feross Aboukhadijeh (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFZ-pwErSl4)
- [What, exactly, is the DOM? (2018)](https://bitsofco.de/what-exactly-is-the-dom/)
- [web.dev](https://web.dev/) - Explore structured curriculums that include both guides and hands-on codelabs. [OSS](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev).
- [Ask HN: Go-to web stack today? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18829557)
- [Google's Long March (2019)](https://doriantaylor.com/googles-long-march)
- [instant.page](https://github.com/instantpage/instant.page) - Uses just-in-time preloading — it preloads a page right before a user clicks on it.
- [UI Elements](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/ui-element-samples) - Collection of UI element samples written with vanilla web platform features.
- [gotify/server](https://github.com/gotify/server) - Simple server for sending and receiving messages in real-time per web socket.
- [Sizzy](https://github.com/kitze/sizzy) - Tool for testing responsive websites crazy-fast.
- [Awesome Stacks](https://github.com/stackshareio/awesome-stacks) - Curated list of tech stacks for building different applications & features.
- [Build Tracker](https://github.com/paularmstrong/build-tracker) - Set of tools to track the size of your build artifacts over time.
- [monolith](https://github.com/Y2Z/monolith) - Save HTML pages with ease. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20774322))
- [Watch Netlify's CEO code a Sudoku app from scratch in a bar on a Saturday night (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GytUZLK4kwA)
- [static.fun](https://github.com/zeit/static-fun) - Fun demo for wildcard domains.
- [W3C on GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/) - Resources useful when working on W3C projects using GitHub.
- [Deep Dive Into Modern Web Development (2019)](https://fullstackopen.com/en/)
- [urlwatch](https://github.com/thp/urlwatch) - Monitors webpages for you.
- [Fly-through guide to web development best practices (2017)](https://slides.com/seldo/stuff-everybody-knows-2019-04/#/)
- [My list of over 600 web development feeds](https://webplatform.news/issues/2018-10-31)
- [Gumroad v1](https://github.com/gumroad/gumroad-v1) - MVP of Gumroad written in Python and runs on App Engine.
- [Mint](https://github.com/mint-lang/mint) - Refreshing programming language for the front-end web.
- [Various books on web tech](https://flaviocopes.com/page/ebooks-links/)
- [Lite YouTube Embed](https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed) - Provide videos with a supercharged focus on visual performance.
- [Hands-on with Portals: seamless navigation on the Web (2019)](https://web.dev/hands-on-portals/)
- [Nx](https://github.com/nrwl/nx) - Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.
- [Web Platform Course](https://webplatformcourse.com/7XoqGASUulHqaQUWuqXR/)
- [Principles for making things for the web](https://github.com/veltman/principles#readme)
- [Cloudflare Learning Center](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/) - Resources on Cyber-Security and How the Internet Works From Cloudflare.
- [Building and deploying modern websites and apps - GitHub Universe 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlO5Ksk7baQ)
- [This Page is Designed to Last (2019)](https://jeffhuang.com/designed_to_last/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21840140)) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/xltmol/this_page_is_designed_last))
- [Web development, illustrated](https://illustrated.dev/)
- [HN: The Old Internet Died and We Watched and Did Nothing (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21921323)
- [Personal sites are awesome](https://personalsit.es/) - Little directory of people's personal sites. ([Code](https://github.com/xdesro/personalsit.es))
- [Ask HN: How do you manage your bookmarks? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22105561)
- [Timeless Web Dev Articles (2020)](https://css-tricks.com/timeless-web-dev-articles/)
- [Whatever Happened to the Semantic Web? (2018)](https://twobithistory.org/2018/05/27/semantic-web.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18023408))
- [berserk](https://github.com/jackdoe/berserk) - Personal website + shell.
- [Web packaging format](https://github.com/WICG/webpackage)
- [7 Principles of Rich Web Applications (2014)](https://rauchg.com/2014/7-principles-of-rich-web-applications)
- [Web Skills](https://andreasbm.github.io/web-skills/) ([Code](https://github.com/andreasbm/web-skills))
- [Do We Really Need a Web API? (2019)](https://liaison.dev/blog/articles/Do-We-Really-Need-A-Web-API-yq12wz) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21638809))
- [Roadmap to becoming a web developer](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap#readme)
- [Free resources for learning Full Stack Web Development](https://github.com/bmorelli25/Become-A-Full-Stack-Web-Developer#readme)
- [Mastery Games](https://mastery.games/) - All-new platform for leveling up your coding skills.
- [Cargo](https://cargo.site/) - Build a site off a template.
- [How to get started with web development (2020)](https://gomakethings.com/how-to-get-started-with-web-development/)
- [Archiving URLs](https://www.gwern.net/Archiving-URLs)
- [Main-thread Scheduling API](https://github.com/WICG/main-thread-scheduling)
- [The Open Web Is Dying (2020)](https://perezbox.com/2020/04/the-open-web-is-dying/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23026998))
- [Gemini – A new, collaboratively designed internet protocol](https://gemini.circumlunar.space/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23042424))
- [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev/) - Build web applications with less tooling and 10x faster iteration. No bundler required. ([Code](https://github.com/pikapkg/snowpack))
- [Rebuilding our tech stack for the new Facebook.com (2020)](https://engineering.fb.com/web/facebook-redesign/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23116300))
- [Lobsters: If you were to choose a backend web framework today, what would you choose? (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/2bsh1g/if_you_were_choose_backend_web_framework)
- [Wayback Machine Downloader](https://github.com/hartator/wayback-machine-downloader) - Download an entire website from the Internet Archive Wayback Machine.
- [Second-guessing the modern web (2020)](https://macwright.org/2020/05/10/spa-fatigue.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23136688))
- [What the heck happened with .org? (2020)](https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2020/05/11/what-the-heck-happened-with-org/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23149732))
- [HN: Thank you for helping us increase our bandwidth by Archive.org](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23147752)
- [IndieWeb Link Sharing (2019)](https://mxb.dev/blog/indieweb-link-sharing/)
- [In defense of the modern web (2020)](https://dev.to/richharris/in-defense-of-the-modern-web-2nia) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23191493))
- [W3C Public Mailing List Archives](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/)
- [Wappalyzer](https://github.com/AliasIO/wappalyzer) - Identify technology on websites using an extension.
- [h+h lab](https://hplu.sh/) - Lab to create urbanism for the modern Web. ([Principles](https://github.com/hplush/hplu.sh/blob/master/principles.md)) ([Code](https://github.com/hplush/hplu.sh))

Commit message:

backups fonts gamedev macOS-apps github-actions other wiki-workflow react-components ocaml-libraries python-libraries swift-libraries dotfiles web

web/web.md, after:

# Web

The Internet is genuinely one of the best things to come out of 20th century. It has so many implications for the future and can solve so many of the world's problems, it is exciting.

## Notes

- Amazing thing about the web is the fact that clients (browsers) and servers can interact in complex ways without the client knowing anything beforehand about the server and the resources it hosts.
- [I often grab local versions of sites to experiment and learn from. You can get a site's html and all of the page's dependencies with a single wget command: `wget -H -E -k -p SOMEURL`](https://twitter.com/philhawksworth/status/1214942635300982785)

## Links

- [Everything easy is hard again](https://frankchimero.com/writing/everything-easy-is-hard-again/)
- [FreeCodeCamp Map](https://www.freecodecamp.org/map)
- [Ask HN: What's your favorite way of getting a web app up quickly in 2018?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17217210)
- [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) - Exemplary fullstack Medium.com clone powered by React, Angular, Node, Django, and many more.
- [Internetting is hard](https://internetingishard.com/) - Friendly web development tutorials for complete beginners.
- [devd](https://github.com/cortesi/devd) - Local webserver for developers.
- [Lwan Web Server](https://github.com/lpereira/lwan) - Experimental, scalable, high performance HTTP server.
- [NetData](http://my-netdata.io/) - System for distributed real-time performance and health monitoring.
- [Razzle](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/razzle) - Create server-rendered universal JavaScript applications with no configuration.
- [Ask HN: Where can one learn about the history of the internet and the protocols?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17607095)
- [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) - Make images smaller using best-in-class codecs, right in the browser.
- [Making dev.to Incredibly fast](https://dev.to/ben/making-devto-insanely-fast)
- [The Most Annoying Website - Feross Aboukhadijeh (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFZ-pwErSl4)
- [What, exactly, is the DOM? (2018)](https://bitsofco.de/what-exactly-is-the-dom/)
- [web.dev](https://web.dev/) - Explore structured curriculums that include both guides and hands-on codelabs. [OSS](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev).
- [Ask HN: Go-to web stack today? (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18829557)
- [Google's Long March (2019)](https://doriantaylor.com/googles-long-march)
- [instant.page](https://github.com/instantpage/instant.page) - Uses just-in-time preloading — it preloads a page right before a user clicks on it.
- [UI Elements](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/ui-element-samples) - Collection of UI element samples written with vanilla web platform features.
- [gotify/server](https://github.com/gotify/server) - Simple server for sending and receiving messages in real-time per web socket.
- [Sizzy](https://github.com/kitze/sizzy) - Tool for testing responsive websites crazy-fast.
- [Awesome Stacks](https://github.com/stackshareio/awesome-stacks) - Curated list of tech stacks for building different applications & features.
- [Build Tracker](https://github.com/paularmstrong/build-tracker) - Set of tools to track the size of your build artifacts over time.
- [monolith](https://github.com/Y2Z/monolith) - Save HTML pages with ease. ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20774322))
- [Watch Netlify's CEO code a Sudoku app from scratch in a bar on a Saturday night (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GytUZLK4kwA)
- [static.fun](https://github.com/zeit/static-fun) - Fun demo for wildcard domains.
- [W3C on GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/) - Resources useful when working on W3C projects using GitHub.
- [Deep Dive Into Modern Web Development (2019)](https://fullstackopen.com/en/)
- [urlwatch](https://github.com/thp/urlwatch) - Monitors webpages for you.
- [Fly-through guide to web development best practices (2017)](https://slides.com/seldo/stuff-everybody-knows-2019-04/#/)
- [My list of over 600 web development feeds](https://webplatform.news/issues/2018-10-31)
- [Gumroad v1](https://github.com/gumroad/gumroad-v1) - MVP of Gumroad written in Python and runs on App Engine.
- [Mint](https://github.com/mint-lang/mint) - Refreshing programming language for the front-end web.
- [Various books on web tech](https://flaviocopes.com/page/ebooks-links/)
- [Lite YouTube Embed](https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed) - Provide videos with a supercharged focus on visual performance.
- [Hands-on with Portals: seamless navigation on the Web (2019)](https://web.dev/hands-on-portals/)
- [Nx](https://github.com/nrwl/nx) - Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.
- [Web Platform Course](https://webplatformcourse.com/7XoqGASUulHqaQUWuqXR/)
- [Principles for making things for the web](https://github.com/veltman/principles#readme)
- [Cloudflare Learning Center](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/) - Resources on Cyber-Security and How the Internet Works From Cloudflare.
- [Building and deploying modern websites and apps - GitHub Universe 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlO5Ksk7baQ)
- [This Page is Designed to Last (2019)](https://jeffhuang.com/designed_to_last/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21840140)) ([Lobsters](https://lobste.rs/s/xltmol/this_page_is_designed_last))
- [Web development, illustrated](https://illustrated.dev/)
- [HN: The Old Internet Died and We Watched and Did Nothing (2019)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21921323)
- [Personal sites are awesome](https://personalsit.es/) - Little directory of people's personal sites. ([Code](https://github.com/xdesro/personalsit.es))
- [Ask HN: How do you manage your bookmarks? (2020)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22105561)
- [Timeless Web Dev Articles (2020)](https://css-tricks.com/timeless-web-dev-articles/)
- [Whatever Happened to the Semantic Web? (2018)](https://twobithistory.org/2018/05/27/semantic-web.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18023408))
- [berserk](https://github.com/jackdoe/berserk) - Personal website + shell.
- [Web packaging format](https://github.com/WICG/webpackage)
- [7 Principles of Rich Web Applications (2014)](https://rauchg.com/2014/7-principles-of-rich-web-applications)
- [Web Skills](https://andreasbm.github.io/web-skills/) ([Code](https://github.com/andreasbm/web-skills))
- [Do We Really Need a Web API? (2019)](https://liaison.dev/blog/articles/Do-We-Really-Need-A-Web-API-yq12wz) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21638809))
- [Roadmap to becoming a web developer](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap#readme)
- [Free resources for learning Full Stack Web Development](https://github.com/bmorelli25/Become-A-Full-Stack-Web-Developer#readme)
- [Mastery Games](https://mastery.games/) - All-new platform for leveling up your coding skills.
- [Cargo](https://cargo.site/) - Build a site off a template.
- [How to get started with web development (2020)](https://gomakethings.com/how-to-get-started-with-web-development/)
- [Archiving URLs](https://www.gwern.net/Archiving-URLs)
- [Main-thread Scheduling API](https://github.com/WICG/main-thread-scheduling)
- [The Open Web Is Dying (2020)](https://perezbox.com/2020/04/the-open-web-is-dying/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23026998))
- [Gemini – A new, collaboratively designed internet protocol](https://gemini.circumlunar.space/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23042424))
- [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev/) - Build web applications with less tooling and 10x faster iteration. No bundler required. ([Code](https://github.com/pikapkg/snowpack)) ([Create Snowpack App](https://github.com/pikapkg/create-snowpack-app))
- [Rebuilding our tech stack for the new Facebook.com (2020)](https://engineering.fb.com/web/facebook-redesign/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23116300))
- [Lobsters: If you were to choose a backend web framework today, what would you choose? (2020)](https://lobste.rs/s/2bsh1g/if_you_were_choose_backend_web_framework)
- [Wayback Machine Downloader](https://github.com/hartator/wayback-machine-downloader) - Download an entire website from the Internet Archive Wayback Machine.
- [Second-guessing the modern web (2020)](https://macwright.org/2020/05/10/spa-fatigue.html) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23136688))
- [What the heck happened with .org? (2020)](https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2020/05/11/what-the-heck-happened-with-org/) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23149732))
- [HN: Thank you for helping us increase our bandwidth by Archive.org](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23147752)
- [IndieWeb Link Sharing (2019)](https://mxb.dev/blog/indieweb-link-sharing/)
- [In defense of the modern web (2020)](https://dev.to/richharris/in-defense-of-the-modern-web-2nia) ([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23191493))
- [W3C Public Mailing List Archives](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/)
- [Wappalyzer](https://github.com/AliasIO/wappalyzer) - Identify technology on websites using an extension.
- [h+h lab](https://hplu.sh/) - Lab to create urbanism for the modern Web. ([Principles](https://github.com/hplush/hplu.sh/blob/master/principles.md)) ([Code](https://github.com/hplush/hplu.sh))
- [Phusion Passenger](https://github.com/phusion/passenger) - Fast and robust web server and application server for Ruby, Python and Node.js.
