web/webpack.md, before:

# [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)

## Plugins

- [Webpack Summary](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/webpack-summary) - Webpack plugin for displaying a short summary at the end of the build process.
- [add-asset-html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/SimenB/add-asset-html-webpack-plugin) - Add a JavaScript or CSS asset to the HTML generated by html-webpack-plugin.
- [Webpack Extension Reloader](https://github.com/rubenspgcavalcante/webpack-extension-reloader) - Webpack plugin to automatically reload browser extensions during development.
- [React Refresh Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/pmmmwh/react-refresh-webpack-plugin) - Enable "Fast Refresh" (also previously known as Hot Reloading) for React components. ([Tweet](https://twitter.com/0xca0a/status/1216696377369145344))
- [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) - TypeScript loader for webpack.

## Links

- [Webpack: From apprentice to master book](https://survivejs.com/webpack/)
- [Awesome Webpack Perf](https://github.com/iamakulov/awesome-webpack-perf#readme) - Curated list of webpack tools and plugins that help make the web faster.
- [Building a Platform: Webpack and the Future by Sean Larkin (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHH6fWE0AdM&t=0s&list=PLB17qI-lepyhGQCeq1bGawXeftOYMZtRj&index=4)
- [Jetpack](https://github.com/KidkArolis/jetpack) - Wraps webpack to create a smoother developer experience.
- [Optimize your libraries with webpack](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/webpack-libs-optimizations#readme) - Using a library in your webpack project? Use these tips to make your bundle smaller.
- [How to set up an advanced Webpack application (2019)](https://www.robinwieruch.de/webpack-advanced-setup-tutorial/)
- [inspectpack](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/inspectpack) - Inspection tool for Webpack frontend JavaScript bundles.
- [webpack autoconf](https://createapp.dev/) - Tool to create personalized and optimized webpack.config.js
- [Web Performance Optimization with webpack](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/webpack/)
- [Building a Great Developer Experience: The Road to Parcel Version 2 (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Osuwky6rRiA)
- [Bundle Analyzer](https://github.com/smooth-code/bundle-analyzer) - Keep your webpack bundle optimized over time.
- [@mixer/webpack-bundle-compare](https://github.com/mixer/webpack-bundle-compare) - Tool for comparing webpack bundle stats.

Commit message:

api drawing venture-capital build-systems computer-vision svg databases color figma grpc themes css xcode tensorflow http peer-to-peer github-actions containers kubernetes ios coq cpp-libraries cpp dhall go-libraries haskell javascript js-libraries mdx react redux prolog python rust-libraries rust swift-libraries jupyter-notebooks tools nodejs webpack

web/webpack.md, after:

# [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)

## Plugins

- [Webpack Summary](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/webpack-summary) - Webpack plugin for displaying a short summary at the end of the build process.
- [add-asset-html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/SimenB/add-asset-html-webpack-plugin) - Add a JavaScript or CSS asset to the HTML generated by html-webpack-plugin.
- [Webpack Extension Reloader](https://github.com/rubenspgcavalcante/webpack-extension-reloader) - Webpack plugin to automatically reload browser extensions during development.
- [React Refresh Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/pmmmwh/react-refresh-webpack-plugin) - Enable "Fast Refresh" (also previously known as Hot Reloading) for React components. ([Tweet](https://twitter.com/0xca0a/status/1216696377369145344))
- [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) - TypeScript loader for webpack.
- [Webpack External Import](https://github.com/ScriptedAlchemy/webpack-external-import) - Import() other chunks and modules from third parties, or other webpack builds themselves! At runtime.

## Links

- [Webpack: From apprentice to master book](https://survivejs.com/webpack/)
- [Awesome Webpack Perf](https://github.com/iamakulov/awesome-webpack-perf#readme) - Curated list of webpack tools and plugins that help make the web faster.
- [Building a Platform: Webpack and the Future by Sean Larkin (2018)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHH6fWE0AdM&t=0s&list=PLB17qI-lepyhGQCeq1bGawXeftOYMZtRj&index=4)
- [Jetpack](https://github.com/KidkArolis/jetpack) - Wraps webpack to create a smoother developer experience.
- [Optimize your libraries with webpack](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/webpack-libs-optimizations#readme) - Using a library in your webpack project? Use these tips to make your bundle smaller.
- [How to set up an advanced Webpack application (2019)](https://www.robinwieruch.de/webpack-advanced-setup-tutorial/)
- [inspectpack](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/inspectpack) - Inspection tool for Webpack frontend JavaScript bundles.
- [webpack autoconf](https://createapp.dev/) - Tool to create personalized and optimized webpack.config.js
- [Web Performance Optimization with webpack](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/webpack/)
- [Building a Great Developer Experience: The Road to Parcel Version 2 (2019)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Osuwky6rRiA)
- [Bundle Analyzer](https://github.com/smooth-code/bundle-analyzer) - Keep your webpack bundle optimized over time.
- [@mixer/webpack-bundle-compare](https://github.com/mixer/webpack-bundle-compare) - Tool for comparing webpack bundle stats.
